
# Awaited store for Svelte

In my Svelte app, I need to reactively fetch data from the server and then render the result. The ideal data struture for this is a store whose values are promises – eg. like this:
let article = writable("about");
let text = derived(article, a => fetch(`http://example.com?article=${a}`));

However, the way I want to render the values is different from this representation: if the article variable changes, I still want to render the previous text and overlay it with a spinner until the new text loads (ie. until the promise resolves). Because something like this could be useful in more places, I decided to write a little helper function for this.
The awaitedStore function takes a store whose values are promises, and returns two new stores: lastValue and settled. The lastValue store contains the last resolved value – if the original store changes to a new promise, lastValue won't update until the promise is resolved. The resolved store contains a boolean indicating whether the current promise is settled or not – the UI can display a spinner any time resolved is false.
There are a few other important features:

if neither lastValue nor resolved have a subscriber, then we don't subscribe to the original store
never update lastValue with an outdated promise – if a new promise comes before the old was resolved, we stop waiting until it resolves

This is the code:
import { writable, type Readable } from "svelte/store"

function cancellableThen<T>(p: Promise<T>, f: (v: T) => void): () => void {
  let canceled = false;
  p.then((v) => {
    if (canceled) return;
    f(v);
  });
  return () => (canceled = true);
}

const Void: void = void 0;

export function awaitedStore<T>(store: Readable<Promise<T>>): {
  lastValue: Readable<T | undefined>;
  resolved: Readable<boolean>;
} {
  let cold = true;
  let lastValueHasSubscriber = false;
  let loadingHasSubscriber = false;

  const start = (what: "lastValue" | "loading") => () => {
    if (what === "lastValue") lastValueHasSubscriber = true;
    if (what === "loading") loadingHasSubscriber = true;

    const stop = () => {
      if (what === "lastValue") lastValueHasSubscriber = false;
      if (what === "loading") loadingHasSubscriber = false;
      if (lastValueHasSubscriber || loadingHasSubscriber) return;

      cold = true;
      unsubPromise?.();
      unsubStore();
    };

    if (!cold) return stop;
    cold = false;

    let unsubPromise = () => Void;
    const unsubStore = store.subscribe((p) => {
      unsubPromise?.();
      resolved.set(false);
      unsubPromise = cancellableThen(p, (v) => {
        lastValue.set(v);
        resolved.set(true);
      });
    });

    return stop;
  };

  const lastValue = writable<T | undefined>(undefined, start("lastValue"));
  const resolved = writable(false, start("loading"));

  return { lastValue, resolved };
}

Link to TS playground. Link to Svelte REPL.
An obvious shortcoming of the code is the lack of error handling – I decided to omit it in favor of simplicity, and I intend to add it later.

        