
# 2checkout invalid token or unsupported currencies during charge using token

I have an issue during working on your API and 2pay.js library.
I get a token from the card using this part of the code and submit the form(using this demo ):
<script>
        window.addEventListener('load', function () {
            // Initialize the 2Pay.js client.
            let jsPaymentClient = new TwoPayClient('{{config('verifone.vendor_code')}}');

            // Set the desired language to be used inside the iframe.
            jsPaymentClient.setup.setLanguage('hr');

            // Create the component that will hold the card fields.
            let component = jsPaymentClient.components.create('card');

            // Mount the card fields component in the desired HTML tag. This is where the iframe will be located.
            component.mount('#card-element');

            // Handle form submission.
            document.getElementById('payment-form').addEventListener('submit', (event) => {
                event.preventDefault();

                // Extract the Name field value
                const billingDetails = {
                    name: document.querySelector('#name').value
                };

                // Call the generate method using the component as the first parameter
                // and the billing details as the second one
                jsPaymentClient.tokens.generate(component, billingDetails).then((response) => {
                    let form =  document.getElementById('payment-form');
                    let hiddenInput = document.createElement('input');
                    hiddenInput.setAttribute('type', 'hidden');
                    hiddenInput.setAttribute('name', 'verifoneToken');
                    hiddenInput.setAttribute('value', response.token);
                    form.appendChild(hiddenInput);

                    form.submit()
                }).catch((error) => {
                    alert(error);
                });
            });
        });
    </script>

where I get tokens like this one: 8150cbb0-3253-4f4d-9add-22c60674550c
But when I send a request something like this(example from their API):
$request_data = [
            "Country" => "BA",
            "Currency" => "EUR",
            "CustomerIP" => '80.242.115.205',           
            "Language" => "hr",
            "Source" => 'http://verifone_charge.test',
            "BillingDetails" => [
                "CountryCode" => "BA",
                "Address1" => 'Demo Umjenovica 2',
                "City" => 'Banja Luka',
                "Zip" => '78000'
                "FirstName" => 'John',
                "LastName" => 'Doe',
                "Email" => 'john@doe.com',
            ],
            "Items" => [
                [
                    'Code' => 1234332,
                    'Quantity' => 1,
                ]
            ],
            "PaymentDetails" => [
                "Currency" => "EUR",
                "CustomerIP" => '180.148.115.05',
                "PaymentMethod" => [
                    "EesToken" => 8150cbb0-3253-4f4d-9add-22c60674550c,                    "RecurringEnabled" => false,
                ],
                "Type" => "TEST",
            ]
        ];

into https://api.2checkout.com/rest/6.0/orders/I get only this: 
{"error_code":"ORDER_PAYMENT_METHOD_CARD_CURRENCY_INVALID","message":"The provided currency [EUR] is not supported with this card type. Supported currencies: []"}

Or when I put a token into a string like this:
...."PaymentMethod" => [
                    "EesToken" => '8150cbb0-3253-4f4d-9add-22c60674550c',                                    "RecurringEnabled" => false,
                ], 

I get this:
{"error_code":"INVALID_EES_TOKEN","message":"The token is not valid. In order to proceed with the place order a valid token is required"}

Can you tell me what I didn't work well? And how to fix it?

        