
# pdfjs-dist: How to get the file-buffer of a decrypted pdf

I am using the pdfjs-dist library to try and decrypt PDFs with passwords, and then subsequently grab the contents of that decrypted PDF ans save it.
My problem lies in the fact that the data buffer of the original encrypted file, and the "decrypted" file are exactly the same, leading me to believe it was not actually decrypted.
Just to be clear, I don't want to render these decrypted pdfs, just grab the modified data buffer. Here is my function:
export async function decryptPdf(fileId: number, passwordArg: string) {
  // Object containing file name and buffer.
  const fileDetails = await downloadFile(fileId);

  const loadingTask = pdfjsLib.getDocument({data: fileDetails.buffer, password: passwordArg});
  const decryptedPdfData = await loadingTask.promise;

  console.log(decryptedPdfData); // object describing PDF details if password unlock was successful.

  // Returns the same buffer as the encrypted data?
  const decryptedBuffer = await decryptedPdfData.getData();
  console.log(decryptedBuffer);
}

What I've tried:

Scouring similar posts such as this
Reverse eng-ing pdf.js documentation, but there is limited content pertaining to password-protected pdfs.
Tried seeing if posts such as this could offer a solution, but this relates to rendering the pdfs which I don't want.
Finding alternate libraries with similar functionality, to no avail.

What I expected:

To get a different buffer than the original encrypted file.


        