
# Make a simple ASP.NET Website with simple ASP.NET core Web API [closed]







Closed. This question needs to be more focused. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










Want to improve this question? Update the question so it focuses on one problem only by editing this post.


Closed 4 hours ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I want to make a simple website that takes in two inputs (say a and b) and a button. When the button is clicked, the numbers entered in the two inputs shall be added and the result shown on the website.
I understand that this is very trivial and can be done without a WEB API, but the end goal for this project is not this simple and requires me to use a WEB API that calls upon a class library function, and then it ultimately responds with the result.
But I'm struggling to find an appropriate tutorial that shows a simple ASP.NET core web app and/or ASP.NET core web API implementations.
It would do wonders if a clear and simple explanation is given in regards to how to do this. I'm completely new to ASP.NET and overall C# programming. I need to know this to implement my Senior design project.
Following is the system block diagram for what I'm trying to achieve:

The front-end HTML is something I have tried and works. I'm having trouble when it comes to developing a Web API. The class library function is very simple as well.

        