
# Is it possible to webpack a nodejs server.js app that also exports objects/modules for external import?

I really wouldn't ask this question, but I'm stuck in a situation where webpack is being used to bundle a server-side Express app, which is using __non_webpack_require__ to import a module.js from an external file. The require works fine at runtime, but there are some imports/requires in the external module.js that need to import/require code that's in the main source base. A package.json _moduleAliases alias is used to home the require path. e.g. const Logger = require('@/logging/Logger'); where @ is .
This works fine in a development build but I expect its because the source is accessible. When I do a webpack production bundling, the controller service function that calls __non_webpack_require__ works fine (the external .js files are imported, but when imported the first line in one of them is const Logger = require('@/logging/Logger'); which can't be required/found, because that module is in the server.bundle.js at this point.
I can try to work around this a couple of ways (that I can see):

Remove webpack entirely, be we use it to pull in various distribution dependencies, etc... It'll have to be replaced with a new script.
Move the related modules to their own external module, outside of the server.bundle.js, then require it separately. Basically the equivalent to a regular node_module.
Somehow have the server.bundle.js export these modules, while at the same time being a node type module, so an externally required (__non_webpack_require__) module can require/import something from server.bundle.js.

I know, I know. This is some inception type mess.

        