
# Hot reload in VS2022 does not work when loading multiple projects

I know there are a lot of people reporting issues with hot reload on vs2022; I've done a lot of reading the past couple of days.  However, my issue appears to be a little different than most.
I originally thought that I was having the same issues as others.  But while working on my code I noticed at one point that the hot reload button on the .net Maui page was a green check, so it was working.
It then dawned on me that I was only running the .net Maui app and not loading the Azure functions that went along with it.
I right clicked on my solution and selected "Set Startup Projects" again and selected both the .net Maui and the Azure functions projects and sure enough, I had the red X for the XAML hot reload button.
So it appears the hot reload for me is working if I debug the .net Maui app without the azure functions running as well.  But this leads to another issue, I can't get to some areas of the code in my .net Maui app without the azure functions providing the data back.  This is a problem because I can't create the view and it's taking a lot of starts, stops, guessing what the XAML should be then repeating.
I guessed the issue has to do with both apps being debugged. And I was right, when I selected the azure functions app to start without debugging in the "Set Startup Projects" then I got the XAML hot reload option.  This makes some of it better, but I would really like to be able to debug both apps at the same time as I work on data transmission.
Does anyone know how to get both started apps in debug mode and still have the XAML hot reload option available in VS2022 (17.3.6)?

        