
# Macro Stopping Once a Workbook is Opened

I am writing a macro that opens 2 workbooks and does some manipulation in one and copies it over to another and then it saves it as a .csv file. The first workbook is opened by defined string variables using the workbooks.open function and the other workbook is opened by the filepath and the filename being values set by the cell values in the worksheet. The goal is to go down the column where the names are stored and open those workbooks, do the manipulation, save as a .csv file, close and then go to the next name in the column list.
dim fpath, fname, path, wname, tempname, fpath2 as string
dim mainwkbk, trgwkbk, srcwkbk as workbook
dim  main_ws as worksheet
dim main_lr, name_col as integer
dim q as long

set mainwkbk = workbooks("title1.xlsx")
set main_ws = mainwkbk.worksheets(1)

main_ws.activate
main_lr = main_ws.cells(rows.count,10).end(xlup).row
fpath = Range("I2")

for q = 2 to main_lr
    tempname = "_template_name.csv")
    fpath2 = "C:\temp\locaiton\"
    workbooks.open(fpath2 & tempname)
    set trgwkbk = workbooks(tempname)

    fname = main_ws.cells(q,10).value
    path = fpath & fname & ".xlsx"
    workbooks.open(path)
    set srcwkbk = workbooks(fname & ".xlsx")

    2nd_macro (fname)

next q

The 2nd macro does the manipulation, which essentially copes over columns from the .xlsx file to the .csv file and it also runs a 3rd macro. The 2nd and 3rd macros work essentially, because they've been tested independent of the master macro. The macro stops after it opens the 1st workbook. I've looked at other macros I"ve written and I don't recall them stopping after running. I don't have those files anymore so I can't test those macros.

        