
# Blazor C# .Net 6.0 oData $metadata: Service reference Vs HttpClient

I have a Blazor Server .net 6.0 app that I wish to consume a number of API's in.
One SOAP API is setup using the Service Reference wizard and has built the proxy class and models and I can use this without issue.
I have two more that are oData based, I've managed to query both using HttpClient - for which one uses oAuth 2.0 bearer tokens, the other basic authentication.
I am able to query various functions on both oData feeds and get a valid JSON string returned. The issue I'm having is understanding the data models around them.
For one of them I created my own data model class and manually replicated the models (there is not much being offered by this API). I can successfully deserialise the JSON response to my manually typed model (although for single items I deserialise direct to the model (EmployeeModel) for lists I had to add a second class (ODataEmployeeModel) to strip out the JsonProperty("odata.context") string) like so
public class ODataEmployeeModel
{
    [JsonProperty("odata.context")]
    public string? Metadata { get; set; }
    public List<EmployeeModel>? Value { get; set; }
}

public class EmployeeModel
{
    public string? DisplayId { get; set; }
    public string? Title......
}

The other is a well-developed API offing a lot of data documented in the $metadata including complex models. What is the best way to consume the $metadata?
I was hoping that I could scaffold classes to match the models / entities much like scaffolding from a database using EF but most of my reading (or at least my understanding of my reading) seems to indicate that I should add NuGet package and generate a proxy class and the data classes for the service all in one go.
This I assume this would mean that my HttpClient configuration is moot? What (if any) is the preferred / better way to connect? I will be using various filters etc.. on the oData requests and I have these working perfectly with my HttpClient setup.........
Is the generated proxy from a plugin like ODataV4ClientGenerator the better way of doing things?
Disclaimer - I am self-taught, through trial and error mostly, and this is the first time I have started to play with API's in any real depth and find the reading material contradicting at times so want to reach out for thoughts / input.
Any help / suggestions / guidance is much apricated.

        