
# How to trigger custom ActiveX events inside React

I'm in the processing of modernising a legacy web application by translating it into React (version 16.14.0). One of the key features of the app currently runs in a custom ActiveX object. The longer term plan is also to replace that, but currently I'm stuck with it. (The new version of the app runs in IE10 mode in Edge, which is how it's able to support both React and ActiveX at the same time. I don't like it but it's not my decision!)
The ActiveX object has a number of custom events that need to be triggered in order to interact with it. In the old version, the object is accessed by looking up getElementById() and then calling the event methods. I haven't so far been able to get it to work with React. I've successfully created a ref, but attempts to call the custom events on the ref have all failed.
The only similar problem I've able to find online is here: How can I use ActiveX in Reactjs?. In that instance, they were able to work round the problem by moving the ActiveX object outside of the part of the page that is managed by React. In my case unfortunately the ActiveX object has to be managed by React's display logic, as it isn't always visible on the page.
Here's a sample snippet of what I've got at the moment:
class ActiveXObject extends React.component {
    constructor(props) {
        super(props);

        this.activeXRef = React.createRef();
    }

    triggerActiveX = () => {
        const activeXObject = this.activeXRef.current;
        activeXObject.customEvent();
    }

    render = () => {
        return <div>
            <object id='activex' height='300' width='400' classid='clsid:XXXXX' ref={this.activeXRef}></object>
            <button onClick={this.triggerActiveX}>Trigger</button>
        </div>
    }
}

I can see that the triggerActiveX function is firing, but unfortunately the customEvent isn't.

        