
# Using ApolloClient pagination API results in requests, even if all page content is already in cache

I am using the ApolloClient core pagination API approach to accumulate paginated requests in a merge function and the repaginate them with a read function: https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/pagination/core-api
This all works, but now there is a request for each page, even the ones that are already in the cache.
Which defeats the whole purpose when I'm repaginating!
I'm using the default fetchStrategy, cache-first.

If all requested data is present in the cache, that data is returned. Otherwise, Apollo Client executes the query against your GraphQL server and returns that data after caching it.

I wonder how ApolloClient checks that all requested data is in the cache with the pagination implementation.
Because right now (and the docs seems to rely on this) it always does the request, even when the keyArgs match and the data is in the cache.
Does someone know what causes this and how I can customize this cache-first strategy to check if all the items of the requested page are already in the cache?
Here is my code, in case that helps for context or if I'm just doing something wrong:
        typePolicies: {
          Query: {
            fields: {
              paginatedProductTracking: {
                // Include everything except 'skip' and 'take' to be able to use `fetchMore`
                //  and repaginate when reading cache
                //  (essential for switching between desktop pagination and mobile lazy loading
                //   without having to refetch)
                keyArgs: (args) => JSON.stringify(omit(args, ['query.skip', 'query.take'])),
                merge: (existing, incoming, { args }) => {
                  if (!existing) {
                    return incoming;
                  }
                  if (!incoming) {
                    return existing;
                  }
                  const data = existing.paginatedData;
                  const newData = incoming.paginatedData;
                  return {
                    ...existing,
                    // conservative merge that is robust against pages being requested out of order
                    paginatedData: [
                      ...data.slice(0, args?.query.skip || 0),
                      ...newData,
                      ...data.slice((args?.query.skip || 0) + newData.length),
                    ],
                  };
                },
              },
            },
          },
        },

  const [pageSize, setPageSize] = useState(100);
  const [page, setPage] = useState(0);
  const skip = page * pageSize;

  const query = {
    filter,
    aggregationInterval,
    order,
    skip,
    take: pageSize,
    search: search ? values : null,
    locations: currentLocations.length > 0 ? currentLocations.map((location) => location.id) : undefined,
  };

  const { data, loading, fetchMore } = useProductTrackingAggregatedDataQuery({
    variables: {
      query,
    },
  });

      onPageChange={async (newPage) => {
        await fetchMore({
          variables: {
            query: {
              ...query,
              skip: newPage * pageSize,
            },
          },
        });
        setPage(newPage);
      }}


        