
# How to pass input and callback token to SQS lambda in AWS Step Functions?

I have SQS FIFO queue attached the lambda function to process the queue. The SQS wrapped over the step function with callback to complete the execution. You can see the template file below.
{
  "Comment": "A description of my state machine",
  "StartAt": "SQS SendMessage",
  "States": {
    "SQS SendMessage": {
      "Type": "Task",
      "Resource": "arn:aws:states:::sqs:sendMessage.waitForTaskToken",
      "Parameters": {
        "MessageBody": {
          "input.$": "$",
          "token.$": "$$.Task.Token"
        },
        "QueueUrl": "https://sqs.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/xxxx/myqueue.fifo",
        "MessageGroupId": "mygroupid"
      },
      "End": true
    }
  }
}

I'm invoking the step function with the input value. Eg: "{\"foo\": \"bar\"}".
The step function sends the message to the SQS, But in the lambda function receives the empty body response below.
{
    "Records": [
        {
            "messageId": "f24bdd16-4234b-47534-a67a-f12234234356",
            "receiptHandle": "some random string",
            "body": null,  // HERE IS THE PROBLEM
            "attributes": {
                "ApproximateReceiveCount": "1",
                "SentTimestamp": "1667313159855",
                "SequenceNumber": "49120530206362825178",
                "MessageGroupId": "mygroupid",
                "SenderId": "47X80CVTPC853VD6U5WSN:B9iwHdV1PkL1EbIDduFevS6KZ3YTrO0k",
                "MessageDeduplicationId": "njijzrghtu1hgatdkwjub3j08i2fzuqs0wj5q7kl9mlxfkrad3xz35mt43kyq602",
                "ApproximateFirstReceiveTimestamp": "1667313159855"
            },
            "messageAttributes": {},
            "md5OfBody": "kvzz7dtgoxv6kivo66260e3yn95igltj",
            "eventSource": "aws:sqs",
            "eventSourceARN": "arn:aws:sqs:eu-west-1:xxxxx:myqueue.fifo",
            "awsRegion": "eu-west-1"
        }
    ]
}

I am looking for the input value along with the token in the lambda function. I think MessageBody should be string instead of object and also append the token in the MessageBody.
Expected result is
"body": "{\"foo\": \"bar\",\"token\": \"callbacktoken\"}",

or
"body": {"payload": {"foo": "bar"}, "token": "callbacktoken"}

I have tried something like below, but it doesn't work.
"MessageBody.$":"States.JsonToString('{\"input.$\": \"$\", \"token.$\": \"$$$.Task.Token\"}', $)",
Am I approaching it correctly, or how to do it?

        