
# Epoch loss, mean absolute error and validation loss is "nan" for machine learning time series weather predictions

I am applying Time Series modelling from here for another dataset. For the given dataset in the link, all the losses (namely loss, mean absolute error, validation loss, mean absolute error for validation; The last two losses are not for all epoch models) computed in the epochs are non zero, whereas when I change the dataset all the loss values are nan. The dataset I use has approximately half the number of readings compared to that of the dataset being used here. My dataset has readings that are recorded from multiple locations (40 odd locations) at the same time at 15 minutes interval.
The training function for all the procedures is defined as
MAX_EPOCHS = 20

def compile_and_fit(model, window, patience=2):
  early_stopping = tf.keras.callbacks.EarlyStopping(monitor='val_loss',
                                                    patience=patience,
                                                    mode='min')

  model.compile(loss=tf.keras.losses.MeanSquaredError(),
                optimizer=tf.keras.optimizers.Adam(),
                metrics=[tf.keras.metrics.MeanAbsoluteError()])

  history = model.fit(window.train, epochs=MAX_EPOCHS,
                      validation_data=window.val,
                      callbacks=[early_stopping])
  return history

I have also tried running the model by changing model.compile to
  opt = tf.keras.optimizers.Adam(0.001, clipnorm=1.)
  model.compile(loss=["mse", "mse"], loss_weights=[0.9, 0.1], optimizer=opt)

by looking at solutions for similar problem.
The batch size for my dataset is 4654 whereas that of the dataset in the given notebook is 1534.
Any help on how to solve this issue to get the non zero losses is appreciated. Also, I am unable to get predictions for all the models except baseline model.
Thanks!

        