
# How can I "click" this element (Tampermonkey)?

I am currently writing a Tampermonkey script which should automatically redirect you to the old Google reverse image search, when you search a picture via Google Lens.
Right now, when you reverse search an image, you drag-and-drop the image onto the search bar, then Google lens opens, you click on "Search image source" (my buttons are in a different language, so the exact words may differ) and THEN you are on the Google search page, that allows you to properly view the results.
I want to automate this with a user-script which basically does "When page is lens.google.com, click onto the search source button automatically".
Alternatively, it would probably be easier, because no click() required, to read the href attribute from the button element, because the Google search link is there.
My current code looks something like this:
// ==UserScript==
// @name         Google Lens Workaround
// @namespace    http://tampermonkey.net/
// @version      0.1
// @match        lens.google.com/*
// @require  https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/2.1.0/jquery.min.js
// @grant    GM_addStyle
// @grant    GM.getValue
// ==/UserScript==
// @run-at  document-end

var element = $('a[aria-label="Bildquelle suchen"]'); //Bildquelle suchen = Search image source in my language
console.log(element);

When I look in the console it properly logs the element I need. The problem is that I can't really do anything with it. I tried element.click(), element[0].click(), I tried waitforkeyelements, but nothing worked.
Then I tried using the attribute selector from jQuery: element["href"], element.get("href) but I always get undefined when logging these to the console.
Honestly, I'm out of ideas. It feels like either I am not seeing an obvious issue, or the element selector doesn't do what I expect it to do.
Can someone help me?

        