
# R survey package and predicted marginals for a continuous covariate

I am attempting to obtain the risk/prevalence ratio for a two-unit increase in a continuous covariate, after adjusting for other covariates. However, it appears that R is treating my continuous covariate as a factor despite specifying it is numeric. I am using the survey package and the svypredmeans and svycontrast commands.
Here is a reproducible example. I am attempting to find the prevalence/risk ratio for a 2-unit increase in avg.ed after adjusting for awards and comp.imp. The variable avg.ed is numeric class but I've also specified again "as.numeric" in the code. However, different 2-unit increases for avg.ed yield different ratios, which makes me thing that the variable is not being treated as continuous. My code is based off this: https://gist.github.com/tslumley/2e74cd0ac12a671d2724
library(survey)
data(api)

#apply survey design
dstrat <- svydesign(id=~1,strata=~stype, weights=~pw, data=apistrat, fpc=~fpc)
#fit model without continuous predictor of interest 
model <- svyglm(I(sch.wide=="Yes") ~ awards+comp.imp , design=dstrat, family=quasibinomial()) 
#obtain predicted marginals 
predmarg<-svypredmeans(model, ~as.numeric(avg.ed), predictat=c(0, 2, 4,6, 8,10 ))
#despite being categorized as a continuous predictor, the ratio is not the same for various 2 unit increases
#PR for 2 vs. 0: 
svycontrast(predmarg,quote(`2`/`0`))
#PR for 4 vs. 2: 
svycontrast(predmarg,quote(`4`/`2`))
#PR for 6 vs. 4: 
svycontrast(predmarg,quote(`6`/`4`))
#PR for 8 vs. 6: 
svycontrast(predmarg,quote(`8`/`6`))
#PR for 10 vs. 8: 
svycontrast(predmarg,quote(`10`/`8`))

Output of above (as you'll see the ratios are not the same)
> svycontrast(predmarg,quote(`2`/`0`))
          nlcon    SE
contrast 1.1232 0.055
> svycontrast(predmarg,quote(`4`/`2`))
          nlcon     SE
contrast 1.1282 0.0811
> svycontrast(predmarg,quote(`6`/`4`))
          nlcon     SE
contrast 1.0689 0.0144
> svycontrast(predmarg,quote(`8`/`6`))
         nlcon     SE
contrast 1.025 0.0207
> svycontrast(predmarg,quote(`10`/`8`))
          nlcon     SE
contrast 1.0078 0.0131


        