
# Locate React MUI Element with Selenium script

I am building web page for a real state company. This web is built with a react frontend and a nodejs backend. And I am tryng to test it using a selenium script with a broswerStack server. But I am unable to lcate the element I want to interact with I have tried many different things but nothing seems to work. This is the button I am trying to click.
The button class is a MUI Button.
function NotMobileTopbar() {

    return (
        <Grid container columnSpacing={{xs: 1, sm: 2, md: 1}} justifyContent="flex-end" >

            <Grid >
                <Button sx={{ fontWeight: "bold"}} id="PropiedadesButton" variant="text" color="inherit" size="large" LinkComponent={Link} to="/propiedades" >Propiedades</Button>
            </Grid>

            <Grid>
                <Button sx={{ fontWeight: "bold"}} className="IniciarSesionButton" LinkComponent={Link} to="/login">Iniciar sesión</Button>
            </Grid>

        </Grid>
    )
} 

And I put the className as IniciarSessionButton.
Then in my webpage it appears like this.

And my selenium code is the following:
const webdriver = require('selenium-webdriver');
const assert = require("assert");
const fs = require('fs');

async function runTestWithCaps (capabilities) {
  let driver = new webdriver.Builder()
    .usingServer('')
    .withCapabilities({
      ...capabilities,
      ...capabilities['browser'] && { browserName: capabilities['browser']}  // Because NodeJS language binding requires browserName to be defined
    }).build()

  await driver.navigate().to("https://phindi-front.onrender.com/")

  driver.findElement(webdriver.By.css("MuiGrid-root css-vj1n65-MuiGrid-root")).click()
  .then(() => console.log("AA"))
  .catch((err) => console.log(err))
  await driver.quit()
}

const capabilities1 = {
    'bstack:options' : {
        "os": "Windows",
        "osVersion": "11",
        "buildName" : "browserstack-build-1",
        "sessionName" : "Parallel test 1",
    },
    "browserName": "chrome",
    "browserVersion": "103.0",
    }
 const capabilities2 = {
    'bstack:options' : {
        "os": "Windows",
        "osVersion": "11",
        "buildName" : "browserstack-build-1",
        "sessionName" : "Parallel test 2",
    },
    "browserName": "firefox",
    "browserVersion": "103.0",
    }
runTestWithCaps(capabilities1);
runTestWithCaps(capabilities2);

Does anyone know hot to click that button?
I tried many different things like selecting the text that appears on the web or using xpath but I do not understand it

        