
# Google Sheets ARRAY_ROW issue with sorting a pass-through LAMBDA. Additional empty rows cause formula to error [duplicate]







This question already has answers here:
                        
                    



Error: Function ARRAY_ROW parameter 2 has mismatched row size. Expected: 1. Actual: 10434

                                (1 answer)
                            


ArrayFormula is breaking the getLastRow() funtion. Possible workarounds?

                                (3 answers)
                            

Closed 12 mins ago.
The community is reviewing whether to reopen this question as of 6 mins ago.



Recently I was able to figure out how to accurately pass more complex arguments into a LAMBDA via
Passing QUERY() as a parameter to a Google Sheets LAMBDA function. I wanted to take that knowledge and apply it elsewhere in my dataset. I found a good candidate where I wanted to programmatically reverse sort a range based on a key column.
The problem is that everything is programmatically generated/retrieved via formula (yellow cells F2:H2). This is very easy to do with the menu sort method, but in order to do this programmatically, I believe I needed to use a LAMBDA (pass-through because I pass the parameters through without any modification within the lambda).
The problem is that this only works when I don't have any additional rows in my sheet. If I add just one more line, it all errors.
Working Code
Every items is correctly sorted and displayed as expected. Reverse sort based on date and then reverse sort based on key. You can notice there are 52 lines in total with no blank lines in my sheet.

In L2 I, have the following code...
=sort(arrayformula(
  lambda(date, key, values, {date, key, values})
  (
    xlookup(query('Alias Key Raw'!A:B, "Select A Where A Starts with 'X'", 0), 'Designation Date Raw'!$A$2:$A, 'Designation Date Raw'!$B$2:$B),
    query('Alias Key Raw'!A:B, "Select A Where A Starts with 'X'", 0),
    split(regexreplace(query('Alias Key Raw'!A:B, "Select B Where A Starts with 'X'", 0), "\*", ""), ","))
  ), 
1, false, 2, false)

// F2
=iferror(arrayformula(xlookup(G2:G, 'Designation Date Raw'!$A$2:$A, 'Designation Date Raw'!$B$2:$B)))

// G2
=query('Alias Key Raw'!A:B, "Select A Where A Starts with 'X'", 0)

// H2
=arrayformula(split(regexreplace(query('Alias Key Raw'!A:B, "Select B Where A Starts with 'X'", 0), "\*", ""), ","))

Added One Additional Line
No change except for an additional Line 53
Error
Function ARRAY_ROW parameter 2 has mismatched row size. Expected: 52. Actual: 51.


Additional Information
My intention is to replace the 3 formulas in F2:H2 with the single formula in L2. Also, all code works as expected, but I don't want to truncate my sheet to remove all empty rows.
Existing Quesiton Difference
This question is different from Error: Function ARRAY_ROW parameter 2 has mismatched row size. Expected: 1. Actual: 10434 as my code works, and it errors due to external factors of the formula such as adding a new sheet row. Also this is using the new LAMBDA function which operates differently

        