
# Migration from Transport client to Java API client in ElasticSearch Springboot project

I am new to elasticsearch and I have a elasticsearch springboot project. We use docker to setup elasticsearch cluster and use springboot(backend),esclient to fetch data from elasticsearch. It is an old project and now I have the task of upgrading the cluster to it's latest version which is 8.x. Upon glancing upon the dependencies I saw that the project uses transport client but as per documentation the transport client is long deprecated and instead of that we were to use High level rest client client which was again deprecated in favor of JAVA Api client. So for the app to work I have to update the dependencies. I found the migration guide from transport client to high level rest client and the migration guide from high level rest client to java api client. I also gathered from the documentation that java api client and high level rest client do not have any relation and the transition to java api client can be done gradually)
Now my question is that

Suppose I upgrade from transport to java api client. Will this bring a whole lot of changes in my code as it is a really big project or is there a workaround in which I don't have to make that many changes in my code and I can work with elasticsearch version 8.

The need for the client upgrade didn't arise till now as we were still using 7.17.x and that was working fine till now but when I upgraded the cluster to version 8 and with that they are not providing transport client. My one approach is that I migrate to HLRC first and then gradually transition to JAVA api client.
Any help will be appreciated.
Regards

        