
# Can't deploy solana program to devnet [closed]







Closed. This question needs debugging details. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 Edit the question to include desired behavior, a specific problem or error, and the shortest code necessary to reproduce the problem. This will help others answer the question.


Closed 4 hours ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I'm trying to deploy Solana program to devnet and get error:
Blockhash expired. 5 retries remaining

Blockhash expired. 4 retries remaining

Blockhash expired. 3 retries remaining

Blockhash expired. 2 retries remaining

Blockhash expired. 1 retries remaining

=================================================================================

Recover the intermediate account's ephemeral keypair file with

`solana-keygen recover` and the following 12-word seed phrase:

=================================================================================

pencil exotic gadget apart arrange nominee tree promote deputy rocket spy network

=================================================================================

To resume a deploy, pass the recovered keypair as the

[BUFFER_SIGNER] to `solana program deploy` or `solana write-buffer'.

Or to recover the account's lamports, pass it as the

[BUFFER_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS] argument to `solana program close`.

=================================================================================

Error: Data writes to account failed: Custom error: Max retries exceeded

Code of app here: https://github.com/shashkovdanil/solana-crowdfunding
I ran anchor deploy command and got error. I tried to deploy the same app to localnet and everything was fine

        