
# TextView adds bottom padding/space when text is one line

Issue
I am experiencing a weird behaviour with a UITextView which is inside a UIStackView with a defined spacing of 0. The UITextView is used to display a message inside a chat bubble. When the message is only one line, the UITextView expands and adds a bottom spacing/padding of about 2.3 px. Looking at the view hierarchy, the text itself is a _UITextLayoutFragmentView which is inside a _UITextLayoutCanvasView. It appears that this canvas view is drawn too big, causing the spacing.
The following images are from the view hierarchy with a one line message where the issue appears and from a message with two lines, where the issue is not appearing: https://imgur.com/a/nvrNYZM (Link since I cannot post images on Stackoverflow yet).
What I tried
I already set the UITextView insets with:
messageTextView.textContainerInset = .zero
messageTextView.textContainer.lineFragmentPadding = .zero
messageTextView.contentInset = .zero

which removed the normal padding the UITextView has (using this answer/thread).
My initial thought was that the messageTextView has a minimum height specified somewhere, which causes the view to expand when the text inside (one line) does not fill the minimum height. However I don't know if thats correct or if there's even a possibility to change a minimum height. Shrinking the font size creates a bigger spacing.
The chat bubble uses UIStackViews to automatically adjust its size to the contents. Before changing to a UITextView we used an UILabel which worked fine and did not create any spacing.
Has anybody experienced a similar issue?

        