
# Industrial Clustered Shrinkage Estimator

I'm trying to replicate the analysis included in the paper "Oops! I Shrunk the sample covariance matrix again: Blockbuster meets Shrinkage" in MatLab and I have to build the estimator in section 2.1 "Industry Clustered Shrinkage Estimator" in MatLab. I also have the codes for GCVC shrinkage estimator but I don't know   how to define the clusters and how to adjust the code according to this task.
In section 2 of the paper the author introduce the idea of generalize the CVC shrinkage estimator, that shrink the variance and covariance of assets return towards their mean. The GCVC (generalized constant variance/covariance) shrinkage target create various group and shrink the sample (co-)variances towards the mean of their corresponding cluster.
The author proposte the SIC information to build the groups and to use only two groups : the financial and the nonfinancial sector.
This is the code for GCVC but I don't know how to define the cluster. Please help me.


% de-mean returns
[t,n]=size(x);
meanx=mean(x);
x=x-meanx(ones(t,1),:);

% compute sample covariance matrix
sample=(1/t).*(x'*x);
sample2=sample;

% compute parameter
K = cumsum(k);
sdig = diag(sample);
for i = 2:length(k)
meanvar(i-1) = mean(sdig(K(i-1)+1:K(i)));
end


for i = 2:length(k)
sample_tmp = sample(K(i-1)+1:K(i),K(i-1)+1:K(i));
covdigbar(i-1) = mean(sample_tmp(logical(eye(k(i)))==0));
end

for i = 2:length(k)
    for j = 2:length(k)
        if j~=i
covoffbar(i,j) = mean(mean(sample(K(i-1)+1:K(i),K(j-1)+1:K(j))));
        end   
    end
end

% compute prior
prior = NaN(n,n);

for i = 2:length(k)
prior(K(i-1)+1:K(i),K(i-1)+1:K(i)) = covdigbar(i-1)*ones(k(i));
MeanVar(K(i-1)+1:K(i)) = meanvar(i-1)*ones(k(i),1);
end

prior(logical(eye(n))) = MeanVar;

for i = 2:length(k)
    for j = 2:length(k)
        if j~=i
prior(K(i-1)+1:K(i),K(j-1)+1:K(j)) = covoffbar(i,j);
        end   
    end
end




if (nargin < 3 | shrink == -1) % compute shrinkage parameters and constant
                   
  % what we call p 
  y=x.^2;
  phiMat=y'*y/t-sample.^2;
  phi=sum(sum(phiMat));
  
  % what we call r is not needed for this shrinkage target
  
  % what we call c
  gamma=norm(sample-prior,'fro')^2;

  % compute shrinkage constant
  kappa=phi/gamma;
  shrinkage=max(0,min(1,kappa/t));
    
else % use specified number
  shrinkage=shrink;
end

% compute shrinkage estimator
gcvcsigma=shrinkage*prior+(1-shrinkage)*sample;




        