
# Avoiding "schema drift detected" errors in SSDT comparisons

I'm trying to update a SQL Server project in Visual Studio 2019 by using the SSDT schema comparison. My source is a running database server, the destination is the VS SQL Server project.
When the comparison is done and I click "Update", I get the message

Source schema drift detected. Press Compare to refresh the comparison

No matter how many times I refresh the comparison, I always get the same result.
I have tried various connection tweaks (read-only intent, asynchronous processing, multiple active result sets) in the hopes that I can make the comparison run faster and update the project before the drift happens, but to no avail. I have also tried reducing the types of objects included in the comparison, but have not been able to reduce it enough to prevent drift from being detected.
I think the biggest issue I have is that aside from the "schema drift detected" message, I feel like I'm shooting in the dark. By that I mean that I have no idea what is causing SSDT to detect drift, and therefore I can't work around it.
I tried running the SQL Profiler to capture what SSDT is doing so I could find where SSDT is detecting drift. However, I haven't been able to find any query that gives different results when run multiple times within a short period.
So in conclusion, my questions are:

What does SSDT look at to determine when the database schema has drifted?
How can I update my SQL Server project when it always detects schema drift?


        