
# How to capture C++ operators and separators in regular expression?

I am working on a project at university that attempts to create a JIT compiler in Python in C++. I am at the tokenisation step, and I managed to extract all strings and comments from the code. What I need is to divide the code into a flow of lexemes divided by Python operators (+, -, /, etc.) and separators (commas, semicolons and dots). It is essentially splitting the string but including the delimiters as well. From this question I thought about using regular expressions to capture all symbols that are either delimiters or are not. My only question is how do I specify a regular expression that:

includes multiple characters (-=, //, !=);
includes regex symbols like [, ], (, ), etc.
Thanks for any response in advance.

/// @brief Breaks the line down into a list of lexemes by 
/// the delimiters preversing the delimiters themselves.
/// @param line The reference to the line to be tokenised.
/// @return List of lexemes ready to be parsed.
list<string> breakDown(string& line){
    list<string> lexemes;
    //const char expression[] = "[=-,;()[]]";
    regex delimiters("(=|(|)|[|])|(=|(|)|[|])+)"); //This one doesn't work.
    regex_iterator<string::iterator> it(line.begin(), line.end(), delimiters);
    regex_iterator<string::iterator> end;
    while (it != end) {
        auto match = *it;
        cout << "Match : " << match.str() << "\n"; 
        string before = line.substring(0, match.position());
        line = line.substring(match.position() + match.length());
        lexemes.append(before);
        lexemes.append(match.str());
        it++;
    }
    return lexemes;
}


        