
# Setup Eclipse EGit to Push to Windows Share Over SSH

I am new to git, and version control in general, and am trying to implement it for my team of three developers. We are the only developers for our agency.
I am trying to make the setup as simple as possible to just get the ball rolling. My plan is that we will use EGIT in Eclipse (Spring Tool Suite), with each person running off a local repository for developing and then pushing to a remote repository on a Windows share. I was planning to use SSH to facilitate push/pull between our work PCs and the Server so that I do not have to do any site setup and it seemed easiest while still having authentication.
I have added EGit to Eclipse on my work PC and followed the process to getting a project shared and having the initial commit on my local repository.
I installed OpenSSH on my Windows 2012R2 server, installed Git on it, and initiated a bare repository inside a folder in the share I wish to use as the remote repository.
Here is my remote repository setup in Eclipse:
URI: ssh://domain\user@server:22/share/git/repositories
Host: server
Repository path: share/git/repositories
Protocol: ssh
Port: 22
Authentication: currently using username and password, will eventually switch to SSH key once I get things working
When I try to run the preview I get the following error:
"Transport Error: Cannot get remote repository refs. 'ssh://domain\user@server:22/share/git/repositories": 'git-upload-pack' is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or batch file."
I'd appreciate help and recommendations to getting things going in a basic setup.
Thanks

        