
# How to update all elements of a map in elixir

I'm trying to implement in Elixir some of the maze generation algorithms from the excellent book Mazes for Programmers by Jamis Buck. In imperative languages like Go or V it's a piece of cake but with Elixir I'm stuck.
A maze is a grid of cells. A cell holds information about in which direction we can move. It is represented as a struct with boolean members (north: true or east: false, etc.). A grid is a map where keys are tuples {col, row} and values are Cells. If mz is a maze, mz.grid[{0, 0}] is the cell located at the upper left corner.
One of the basic operation is to open a path from one cell c1 to another c2 and most of the time, if we can go from c1 to c2, we can also go from c2 to c1 which means this operation modifies both cells. To implement this, I have a function open_to(maze, x, y, direction) which returns a tuple of two cells c1_new and c2_new where the direction information in each cell had been changed. Then I can update the grid with Enum.put(maze.grid, {x, y}, c1_new). Same for c2_new.
One of the most simple algorithm, the binary tree algorithm, needs to visit all cells one by one and open a bidirectional link with one of the neighbors. Bidirectional means that both cells need to be updated and the second cell may be visited only later. I'm stuck at this step as I can't find how to update the grid with the cells returned by open_to(). My Elixir pseudo code is as follows:
def generate(mz) do
  Enum.map(mz.grid, fn({{x, y}, c1}) ->
    neighbors = [Grid.cell_to(mz, x, y, :north), Grid.cell_to(mz, x, y, :east)]
    c2_dir = select_the_neighbor(neighbors)     # returns one of :north, :east or nil

    # Here! open_to returns the updated cells but what to do with them?
    {c1_new, c2_new} = if c2_dir != nil, do: Grid.open_to(mz, x, y, c2_dir)
  end)
end

I believe the issue comes from the data structure I've chosen and from the way I go through it, but I can't find another way. Any help is appreciated

        