
# Why are my Expo local scheduled notifications in my React Native app arriving late?

I am developing a React Native app using Expo. One of the app's features allows the user to schedule a notification whenever they like. To implement this feature, I used the expo-notifications library.
However, when ever the user schedules a notification, the notification usually comes a minute late and sometimes up to ten minutes late.
The delay gets worse if the user schedules more than one scheduled notification -- maybe one five minutes in the future, another ten minutes in the future, and another 15 minutes in the future.
Given these scheduled notifications are local, why is there this inconsistency?
Clearly, the notifications are working, but why the random delay?
I will post relevant code below.

Below is the function I call on app launch to register to send notifications (checking for permission, getting permission, and getting the token). I have replaced the experienceId with "@username/slug" because I'm not looking to share that online, but in the app it has the real experienceId.
async function registerForPushNotificationsAsync() {

  if (Platform.OS === 'android') {
    Notifications.setNotificationChannelAsync('churchill', {
      name: 'Churchill',
      sound: 'churchillbeaches.wav',
      importance: Notifications.AndroidImportance.MAX,
      vibrationPattern: [0, 250, 250, 250],
      lightColor: '#a7e7fa',
    });
    Notifications.setNotificationChannelAsync('eisenhower', {
      name: 'Eisenhower',
      sound: 'eisenhowerdday.wav',
      importance: Notifications.AndroidImportance.MAX,
      vibrationPattern: [0, 250, 250, 250],
      lightColor: '#a7e7fa',
    });
    Notifications.setNotificationChannelAsync('reagan', {
      name: 'Reagan',
      sound: 'ronaldreagangorbachev.wav',
      importance: Notifications.AndroidImportance.MAX,
      vibrationPattern: [0, 250, 250, 250],
      lightColor: '#a7e7fa',
    });
  }

  let token;
  if (Device.isDevice) {
    const { status: existingStatus } = await Notifications.getPermissionsAsync();
    let finalStatus = existingStatus;
    if (existingStatus !== 'granted') {
      const { status } = await Notifications.requestPermissionsAsync();
      finalStatus = status;
    }
    if (finalStatus !== 'granted') {
      return 'nope';
    }
    console.log('about to get token');
    token = (await Notifications.getExpoPushTokenAsync({
      experienceId: '@username/slug',
    })).data;
    console.log('should see token below this line');
    console.log(token);
  } else {
    alert('Must use physical device for Push Notifications');
  }

  return token;
}

Below is the function I call to schedule the notifications. Don't worry about the lines that involve Math.Random(), the app plays a random notification sound out of three possibilities, and this functions fine and plays when the notifications do come through eventually, only late.
What I am trying to understand is if I have coded something here that could delay the notifications.
async function schedulePushNotification(hours, minutes) {

  let channelSounds = [
    ['churchill', 'churchillbeaches.wav'],
    ['eisenhower', 'eisenhowerdday.wav'],
    ['reagan', 'ronaldreagangorbachev.wav']
  ];

  let randomChannelSound = channelSounds[Math.floor(Math.random()*channelSounds.length)];

  let channelToUse = randomChannelSound[0];
  let soundToUse = randomChannelSound[1];

  console.log('channel to be used for notification just scheduled: ' + channelToUse);
  console.log('sound to be used for notification just scheduled: ' + soundToUse);

  const id = await Notifications.scheduleNotificationAsync({
    content: {
      title: 'Time to march!',
      sound: soundToUse,
      vibrate: false
    },
    trigger: {
      hour: hours,
      minute: minutes,
      channelId: channelToUse,
      repeats: true,
    },
  });
  return id;
}


        