
# Services / libraries for creating customer documents programmatically at scale [closed]







Closed. This question does not meet Stack Overflow guidelines. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 We don’t allow questions seeking recommendations for books, tools, software libraries, and more. You can edit the question so it can be answered with facts and citations.


Closed 3 hours ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



As part of a customer buying a policy from our insurance company, we generate an email to which we attach their policy information. This information differs for each customer and is stored in a SQL database (SQL Server).
Currently we use SQL Server Reporting Services to generate the document by "rendering" a report with certain parameters (using the ReportExecutionService Soap service http://schemas.microsoft.com/sqlserver/2005/06/30/reporting/reportingservices) which we read back into the application as a stream and attach it to the email (and store a copy for reference).
This works well and we can generate different document formats, such as Word or PDF, though mostly we use PDF.
I can however see that Reporting Services is slowly getting deprecated as the Soap interface is not supported in .Net Core. It's also not ideal for creating documents of the type we need, because they're not really reports, so we're constantly fighting the "natural" structure Reporting Services imposes.
My question is what services or libraries exist that can fulfil our requirements?

Must be able to generate customer documents from database data
Must work as a server "worker" process and be able to handle a decent volume of calls
Must be able to work from templates. I know there are libraries for constructing PDF etc documents from the ground up, but this would be too much work to maintain
Preferably templates would be in a form developers could easily pick up (HTML, Angular, React etc) as the current Reporting Services templates are somewhat esoteric
Preferably should be able to return documents of different formats, though PDF is the most important


        