
# Windows Location Services Works...But Which Device Is It Using?

I'm working on some C#/WinForms software for some Panasonic CF-19 Toughbooks (all Windows 10, all fully updated and all have Location Services enabled) which hooks into Windows Location Services and grabs the machine's lat/long values. All works fine except that some machines (six out of eight) return 'unusual' results. I have a suspicion that it's the GPS modules that's faulty and that Windows Location Services is going back to using Wi-Fi location data rather than the data coming from the GPS module. Swapping modules in and out of machines does seem to confirm this but it'd be nice if there was a better/additional way to check this as six out of eight 'failures' is extremely high. In Device Manager these modules just show as 'COM3' and use the default Microsoft drivers (although, in some cases, they report that 'Driver requires a further installation' which is just weird).
So the question is: Is there a way to find out how Windows Location Services is getting/working out it's location data? I've hunted through the GeoCoordinateWatcher and GeoPositionStatusChangedEventArgs classes and not been able to find anything
Below is part of the (working) test code I've been using to monitor location changes.
Muito Obrigado =:)
    private GeoCoordinateWatcher watcher = new GeoCoordinateWatcher(GeoPositionAccuracy.High);

    private void Watcher_StatusChanged(object sender, GeoPositionStatusChangedEventArgs e) // Find GeoLocation of Device  
    {
        try
        {
            if (e.Status == GeoPositionStatus.Ready)        //Is the system up?
            {                                                   //Yes
                if (watcher.Position.Location.IsUnknown)        //Do we have a valid location?
                {                                                   //No - Complain
                    listBox1.Items.Add(DateTime.Now.ToString("HH:mm:ss") + ": Unknown");
                }
                else
                {                                                   //Yes - Record it
                    RecordPosition(watcher.Position.Location);
                }
            }
            else
            {                                                   //No - Tell the user that we're not ready
                listBox1.Items.Add(DateTime.Now.ToString("HH:mm:ss") + ": Not Ready");
            }
        }
        catch (Exception ex)
        {
            listBox1.Items.Add(DateTime.Now.ToString("HH:mm:ss") + ": " + ex.Message);
        }
    }


        