
# JS - How to add key:value pairs from objects nested in arrays to other objects nested in another array

I know it has been countlessly asked and I assure you that I've read a lot of posts, articles, etc. and watched a lot of videos but nothing seem to click.
so there we go :
Here are 2 arrays with partial informations about every persons

let arr1 = [{id:00, name:Ben, city:Philadelphia}, {id:01, name:Alice, city:Frankfurt}, {id:02, name:Detlef, city:Vienna}]

let arr2 = [{id:02, age:18}, {id:00, age:39}, {id:01, age:75}]

And there is the desired final result : an array including name, city and age of each persons
let arr3 = [{name:Ben, city:Philadelphia, age:39}, {name:Alice, city:Frankfurt, age:75 }, {name:Detlef, city:Vienna, age:18}]

What'the situation ? : Two arrays both containing objects. each nested object has an id. That id is the common key in each arrays of objects.
What do you want to do ? : I want to create a third array including informations from both arrays (from arr1 : name and city ; from arr2:age).
What have you tried so far ? : I couldn't manage to achieve anything worth showing. this minimal example is intended to show you a simple example of my current situation which is : I've got an array that is in the LocalStorage on one hand and an API on the other, both contain some infos regarding particular objects (let say persons). I want to create an array that will contain all the information regarding each person for easier manipulation afterward (DOM generation, etc.).
I've manage to store both arrays in two "local" arrays but the problem is still there: I can't figure out how to make an array where items are getting their key/value from two separate sources.
Thank you for your help !

        