
# Creating Stacked Density Plot with Weightings

I am attempting to use ggplot2 to create a weighted density plot showing the distribution of two groups that each account for a fraction of a certain distribution. The difficulty that I am encountering stems from the fact that although both groups have the same number of observations in the data, they have different weightings, and I would like for each group's area in the graph to reflect this difference in weightings.
My data look something like this.
var <- sort(rnorm(1000, mean = 5, sd = 2))
df <- tibble(id = c(rep(1, 1000), rep(2, 1000)), 
       var = c(var,var), 
       weight = c(rep(.1, 500), rep(.2, 500), rep(.9, 500), rep(.8, 500)))

Observe that, group 1 is given low weightings (.1 or .2) while group 2 is given high weighting of (.9 or .8). In the real data, the shares accounted for by each group differ in a more complex manner across the distribution of var.
I have tried plotting this data as follows, and although using weight captures the way that the distributions vary within each group, it does not capture the way in which the distribution varies between groups.
library(ggplot2)

var <- rnorm(1000, mean = 5, sd = 2)

df %>%
  ggplot(aes(x = var, group = id, fill = factor(id), weight = weight)) + 
  geom_density(position = 'stack')

The resulting plot looks something like this.

It is clear that the groups do not account for around 15% and 85% of the area under the density curve respectively, but the issue is clearer to see when we use position = 'fill'.

Each group seems to take up a similar area, apparently because the weighting is applied before grouping is accounted for. I would like to see a solution that results in the area associated with group 1 being commensurate with it's weight (i.e. much smaller than the area associated with group 2).

        