
# Pass Synchronous String Back In Async Thunk -- Avoid User Input Delay By Async Call

It's been a while since I've used redux so I may be taking the wrong approach here.
I am creating an autocomplete input.
If the input string is over 1 character, it will search a DB table column for possible options that the user can click to set the field.
I have the input field's value attribute tied to the redux store.  My problem is there is a visible delay between pressing a key and seeing it show up in the input field, it makes a round trip to the database before your input is reflected in the input field (and store)...
<input
  onChange={ (e) => dispatch(searchForProductInputOptions(e.target.value)) }
  onFocus={ (e) => dispatch(setFocusForAutocomplete(e.target.name))}
  className={css(styles.input)}
  name={`${field.name}`}
  autoComplete='off'
  placeholder={`Search ${field.name}`}
  value={ state.product[state.activePane][field.name].name}
/>

Here is the async thunk:
export const searchForProductInputOptions = createAsyncThunk(
  'product/searchInput',
  async (searchString, thunkAPI) => {
    let model = thunkAPI.getState().productReducer.activeField;
    if(searchString.length > 1) {
      const response = await searchFieldInDatabase({model, searchString});
      return response;
    } else {
      //short circuit this?
      return searchString
    }
    // The value we return becomes the `fulfilled` action payload
  }
);

You can see, for the first character I'm just sending the data back -- it's not async.  I would like to send the search string back immediately, to update the state, but of course I need the result from the promise as well.
I looked into the .addCase(method.pending) but couldn't find a solution -- I felt like maybe I wasn't doing this right.  Do you dispatch two methods from the onChange?  What's the preferred method to send back synchronous data and then fire off the async request.

        