
# Fatal error in dictionary - Index out of range / Swift

I have a txt text file. The text file contains the text attached to each date.
Example:

30.10.2022 : Hello Stack Overflow.


31.10.2022 : Hello programmers.


01.11.2022 : We are the best.


02.11.2022 : Swift, is the best programming language.

etc…
I need to bind each sentence to date and show only the sentence that corresponds to today's date.
Example:

If today is 30.10.2022 - show in textView only the result: Hello Stack Overflow. And the same for every day... If the date changes from 30.10.2022 to 31.10.2022, we will see the result in textView - Hello programmers!

I tried to split my text from file text to dictionary and got an error - Swift/ContiguousArrayBuffer.swift:575: Fatal error: Index out of range.
I want to note that yesterday everything was working, but today it is not working, despite the fact that I did not change the code. Got confused. I can't understand what I missed.
Code with error...

import Foundation

class NameDaysModel {

private var dataArray: [String] = []

func loadDictionary() -> Dictionary<String, String> {
    
    let pathToFile = Bundle.main.path(forResource: "NameDays", ofType: "txt")

    if let path = pathToFile {
        let countriesString = try! String(contentsOfFile: path, encoding: String.Encoding.utf8)
        dataArray = countriesString.components(separatedBy: "\n")
    }
    
    var dictionary = [String: String]()
    for line in dataArray {
        let components = line.components(separatedBy: " : ")
        dictionary[components[0]] = components[1] // = Thread 1: Fatal error: Index out of range
    }
    
    return dictionary
}
   
private func getDate() -> String {
    
    let date = NSDate()
    let dateFormatter = DateFormatter()
    dateFormatter.dateFormat = "dd.MM.yyyy"
    let str = dateFormatter.string(from: date as Date)
    return str
}

func getNameDay() -> String {
    let date = getDate()
    let nameDays = loadDictionary()
    return nameDays["\(date)"] ?? ""
}
}



        