
# undefined behavior for same function [closed]







Closed. This question needs debugging details. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 Edit the question to include desired behavior, a specific problem or error, and the shortest code necessary to reproduce the problem. This will help others answer the question.


Closed 6 hours ago.


This post was edited and submitted for review 5 hours ago.





                        Improve this question
                    



Has programm that search objects from conveyor belt using laser with algo below.
Laser give profile for each tick of conveyour belt. Profile is array of height measurements for each mm on conveyour. After that create objects for one line and add this objects to list. This operation repeat each tick.
Objects types is rectangle, describes as below:
typedef struct _stone{
    short left, right;
    unsigned short top, bottom;
} stone_t;

Also has function for check  if objects has collision for merging into one object:
static inline bool collision_objects(stone_t *l, stone_t *r){
    if(l->left > r->right || r->left > l->right){
        return false;
    }

    if(l->top < r->bottom || r->top < l->bottom){
        return false;
    }
    
    return true;
}

in code check for colission each object in list and merge two object that has collission:
 for(l = recwork.object_recognizer.objects.head; l != NULL; l = l->next){
    for(r = l->next; r != NULL;){
            //If objects collide
            if(collision_objects(&l->object, &r->object)){
                //Marging stones
                    stone_t temp_obj = l->object;
                    merge_stones(&r->object, &l->object);
                        
                    //Remove r object and get next
                    tmp = r;
                    r = r->next;
                    list_object_remove(&recwork.object_recognizer.objects, tmp);
        } else {
                r = r->next;
        }              
    }
}

But function collision_objects return true for objects that has not collision. When debuging with gdb, function work exectly how it must. But in programm function has undefined behavior. Why collision_objects function has this behavior?

        