
# Contoso University Network error on context.Database.EnsureCreated()

i am currently working on the Contoso University project with the razor pages.
I just met 1 problem on my way and it happens when i initialize the migrations in the Program.cs
For a strange reason it seems like the app cannot connect to the local database.
using Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore;
using Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection;
using ContosoUniversity.Data;
var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

// Add services to the container.
builder.Services.AddRazorPages();
builder.Services.AddDbContext<SchoolContext>(options =>
   options.UseSqlServer(builder.Configuration.GetConnectionString("SchoolContext")));

builder.Services.AddDatabaseDeveloperPageExceptionFilter();
var app = builder.Build();

// Configure the HTTP request pipeline.
if (!app.Environment.IsDevelopment())
{
    app.UseExceptionHandler("/Error");
    // The default HSTS value is 30 days. You may want to change this for production scenarios, see https://aka.ms/aspnetcore-hsts.
    app.UseHsts();
}

else
{
    app.UseDeveloperExceptionPage();
    app.UseMigrationsEndPoint();
}

using (var scope = app.Services.CreateScope())
{ 
    var services = scope.ServiceProvider;

    var context = services.GetRequiredService<SchoolContext>();
    context.Database.EnsureCreated();
    // DbInitializer.Initialize(context);
}

app.UseHttpsRedirection();
app.UseStaticFiles();

app.UseRouting();

app.UseAuthorization();

app.MapRazorPages();

app.Run();


and the error:
Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: 'A network-related or instance-specific error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow remote connections. (provider: SNI_PN11, error: 50 - Local 


Everything. I just need a fix for this project.

        