
# How do I pass useState data from one component file to another ReactJS

I need to share some data I have collected with useState from one component file to another. I am building a blog using Material UI that displays all posts on the home page. When a specific post is clicked I want to redirect the user to a single post page where they can read the entire thing. I have searched StackOverflow and the internet and can't seem to find a straight forward answer to the problem. I think context API might be overkill. And I am unsure how to pass props from one component to another when I am not calling the function in the other component file.
This is part of the home page component. This code stores the post id that I need to access from the SinglePost component. When I click a post it correctly console.logs the id:
export default function HomeCard() { 
  const [latestPosts, setLatestPost] = useState([]); 
  useEffect(() => { 
      fetch('http://localhost:8000/posts') 
          .then ((res) => { 
              return res.json(); 
          }) 
          .then ((data) => { 
              setLatestPost(data.reverse()); 
          }); 
  }, []); 
  const navigate = useNavigate(); 
  const storePostId = (singlePostId) => { 
    navigate('/single-post') 
    console.log(singlePostId); 
  }

A little further down in the file:
<CardActionArea  
    onClick={ () =>  
  storePostId(latestPost.id) 
}>

Within my SinglePost component:
const SinglePost = () => { 
    useEffect(() => { 
        fetch(`http://localhost:8000/posts/${singlePostId}`) 
            .then ((res) => { 
                return res.json(); 
            }) 
            .then ((data) => { 
                return (data); 
            }); 
    }, []); 


        