
# taildwindcss config not applied in nuxt3 app

I am still very much at the start of a new project using nuxt3. I installed tailwindcss for quick themeing and prototyping. I followed the basic setup on the documentation for the tailwindcss plugin for nuxt 3.
The problem is, that the background color for the welcome message is not applied (the CSS property also does not show up on the rendered HTML). When I change the CSS to something like this: class="bg-green-200", then it works.
I could not find any similar issues, however I'm sure I can't be the first/only one stumbling over this. I appreciate any hints.
**Edit: ** The issue was the import syntax in the tailwind configuration file. Changing the import to the require syntax solved the issue.
My code is as follows:
nuxt.config.js
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: [
    '@nuxtjs/robots',
    '@nuxtjs/color-mode',
    '@nuxtjs/tailwindcss',
    '@nuxtjs/i18n',
  ],
  i18n: {
    locales: [
      {
        code: 'de', name: 'Deutsch', iso: 'en-US', file: 'de.js'
      },
      {
        code: 'en', name: 'English', iso: 'de-CH', file: 'en.js'
      },
    ],
    defaultLocale: 'de',
    strategy: 'prefix_except_default',
    langDir: 'languages',
    detectBrowserLanguage: {
      useCookie: true,
      cookieKey: 'i18n_redirected',
      redirectOn: 'root',  // recommended
    },
  },
  buildModules: [],
  robots: {},
  tailwindcss: {
    configPath: 'tailwind.config.js',
    exposeConfig: false,
    injectPosition: 0,
  }
})

tailwind.config.js
import defaultTheme from 'tailwindcss/defaultTheme'

export default {
  theme: {
    extend: {
      colors: {
        primary: defaultTheme.colors.green
      }
    }
  }
}

app.vue
<template>
    <NuxtLayout>
    <NuxtPage />
  </NuxtLayout>
</template>

layouts/default.vue
<template>
  <div>
    <LayoutHeader/>
    <slot />
    <LayoutFooter/>
  </div>
</template>

pages/index.vue
<template>
  <div>
    <div class="bg-primary">Welcome to the homepage</div>
  </div>
</template>


        