
# Batch file to copy different texts based on the clipboard [closed]







Closed. This question is not reproducible or was caused by typos. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question was caused by a typo or a problem that can no longer be reproduced. While similar questions may be on-topic here, this one was resolved in a way less likely to help future readers.


Closed 2 hours ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I am trying to write a batch script that would copy a password for me, and if I were to execute the batch file twice it would copy a different password. But I can't seem to figure this one out :(
I used a piece of code that I found to check the clipboard and it indeed works and prints out what is in it. But it does not work when I try to use it in IF statement.
@echo off
setlocal enabledelayedexpansion

for %%I in (powershell.exe) do if "%%~$PATH:I" neq "" (
    set getclip=powershell "Add-Type -AssemblyName System.Windows.Forms;$tb=New-Object System.Windows.Forms.TextBox;$tb.Multiline=$true;$tb.Paste();$tb.Text"
) else (
    set getclip=%temp%\getclip.exe
    >"%temp%\c.cs" echo using System;using System.Threading;using System.Windows.Forms;class dummy{[STAThread]
    >>"%temp%\c.cs" echo public static void Main^(^){if^(Clipboard.ContainsText^(^)^) Console.Write^(Clipboard.GetText^(^)^);}}
    for /f "delims=" %%I in ('dir /b /s "%windir%\microsoft.net\*csc.exe"') do (
        if not exist "!getclip!" "%%I" /nologo /out:"!getclip!" "%temp%\c.cs" 2>NUL
    )
    del "%temp%\c.cs"
    if not exist "!getclip!" (
        echo Error: Please install .NET 2.0 or newer, or install PowerShell.
        goto :EOF
    )
)

%getclip%

del "%temp%\getclip.exe" 2>NUL
goto :EOF

if /I "%getclip%" == "password1" (
    echo|set/p=password2|clip
) else (
    echo|set/p=password1|clip
)


        