
# Improve text legibility in Windows 10/11 [closed]







Closed. This question is not about programming or software development. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question does not appear to be about a specific programming problem, a software algorithm, or software tools primarily used by programmers. If you believe the question would be on-topic on another Stack Exchange site, you can leave a comment to explain where the question may be able to be answered.


Closed 1 hour ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



update: the question has been downvoted even though at the end I apologised if I put it in the wrong section. I actually was not sure. It was by no means negligence on my side.
I've been experimenting with all possible settings of ClearType in Windows but the quality of text rendering esp small sized is still not satisfactory to me. Disabling CT is also not an option. So I've come up with an idea below.
Is my thinking correct that a 4k monitor /similar physical size to my current 1080p/ upscaled to 200% in system settings will give me the same size of displayed content but with way greater quality of text?
Logically the same physical inch on the monitor would be displayed with twice the number of pixels so the quality of antialiased letters should be finer...
ps. sorry if I put the qs in a wrong section.

        