
# What is wrong with my code? I am stuck. I am trying to export some promise results

I am trying to export an object which includes a promise. I want results of the promises. I will share few codes I wrote to solve my problem. Let's start with last one. I don't know what is wrong with it.
export const sendToHell = {
  res: [],
  kamino: async function () {
    this.res = await Promise.all([
      stored.storedLink,
      stored.storedHeading,
      stored.storedBeginning,
      stored.storedChoices,
      stored.storedParts,
    ]);
    return this.res;
  },
  cloneLink: [...sendToHell.res[0]],
  cloneHeading: [...sendToHell.res[1]],
  cloneBeginning: [...sendToHell.res[2]],
  cloneChoices: [...sendToHell.res[3]],
  cloneParts: [...sendToHell.res[4]],
};

sendToHell.kamino();

The error I am getting here is 'Cannot access sendToHell beofre init.' What I actually need from this code is modified clone arrays. When I used this key word. I get an another error. which is 'Cannot read properties of undefined reading res'
  cloneLink: [...this.res[0]],
  cloneHeading: [...this.res[1]],
  cloneBeginning: [...this.res[2]],
  cloneChoices: [...this.res[3]],
  cloneParts: [...this.res[4]],

I defined res outside like let res; then I wrote the code this time error was 'can not read properties of undefined reading 0'
The main problem is in the code below. I know why it happens. Function kamino works async and my arrays executed before kamino gets resolved. I tried to fix that above but I couldn't. Here is the original code, first I thought would export the modified arrays. Now I know It doesn't.
export const sendToHell = {
  cloneLink: [],
  cloneHeading: [],
  cloneBeginning: [],
  cloneChoices: [],
  cloneParts: [],

  kamino: async function () {
    const res = await Promise.all([
      stored.storedLink,
      stored.storedHeading,
      stored.storedBeginning,
      stored.storedChoices,
      stored.storedParts,
    ]);

    this.cloneLink.push(...res[0]);
    this.cloneHeading.push(...res[1]);
    this.cloneBeginning.push(...res[2]);
    this.cloneChoices.push(...res[3]);
    this.cloneParts.push(...res[4]);

    console.log(this.cloneChoices);
  },
};

How am I going to first modify the code then export it?
I've been looking for answers. I've tried top level await, IDK why but even though I am exporting and importing from this file. I get the error that says you can use top level await in modules. The code below will be the code where my problem begins.
export const cloneLink = [];
export const cloneHeading = [];
export const cloneBeginning = [];
export const cloneChoices = [];
export const cloneParts = [];

const kamino = async function () {
  const res = await Promise.all([
    stored.storedLink,
    stored.storedHeading,
    stored.storedBeginning,
    stored.storedChoices,
    stored.storedParts,
  ]);

  //console.log(stored.storedChoices);
  console.log(res);

  cloneLink.push(...res[0]);
  cloneHeading.push(...res[1]);
  cloneBeginning.push(...res[2]);
  cloneChoices.push(...res[3]);
  cloneParts.push(...res[4]);

  console.log(cloneChoices);
};
kamino();

As you can see, I wasn't even using object methods. I also know why this code doesn't work. It is because the codes in global scope gets executed first. I know that is what promises do. They wait the promise, till they get callbacks they let  following codes to execute. I also know you can't await exports and imports by default that is why I tried to use top level await. I also used immediately executed async await function in global scope but then again, all I get was an empty array. I am really stuck here and still searching. If I missed a question which includes the answer of this question, pls align that question and where answer lies. If the answer is in the question that has 6467 likes. Idk what to say.
Anyways.
Thank you for reading my question.
I will add the changes and stuff after this point.
*When I declare the sendToHell function with var. I get the undefined error for res.

        