
# How do I render components with different layouts/elements using react-router-dom v6

I am having trouble writing code to render a login page with no navbar and sidebar. I have come across some pages that ask similar questions but none seem to pertain to my current situation.
How to hide navbar in login page in react router
the example given is great but I believe the way of accomplishing that same task has changed with react-router-dom v6 leading me to read about this change in https://dev.to/iamandrewluca/private-route-in-react-router-v6-lg5
It seems I am not understanding a certain aspect about routing with React Router. In the code below I have two Routes. One of the routes(Login) I would like to have render without the NavBar and SideBar component.
const App = () => {
  return (
    <>
      <Routes>
        <Route path="/login" element={<LoginPage />} />
      </Routes>

      <NavBar />
      <SideBar />
      <main className={styles["main--container"]}>
        <div className={styles["main--content"]}>
          <Routes>
            <Route path="/" element={<Dashboard />} />
          </Routes>
        </div>
      </main>
    </>
  );
};

An alternative, that I also tried, would be to move the NavBar and SideBar tags into the Dashboard component, but then I would essentially have to do the same copy and paste for any new components. This method felt wrong and inefficient , but if this is the correct way of doing it I will do the needful
Edit: I think it's important to include what it currently does is load the Login page with the NavBar and SideBar included. Navigating to the dashboard component has the NavBar and SideBar but this is intended.
What I would like is for the Login page not to have the NavBar and SideBar

        