
# Transpose ID, Field 'Name' Field 'Value' records from rows to columns in SQL Server

Before this question gets closed as a duplicate, I have seen many, many examples of 'SQL Dyanamic Pivot Tables' on SO, but nothing I have tried so far has worked.  Many of the examples that use a PIVOT expect a SUM or MAX value.  I don't have any of these.
I have a single table SQL Server database.
The table holds products and associated properties.  You could argue the properties should be split into a separate table, but I am stuck with what I have.. 1 table.
Example table




prodId
fieldName
fieldValue




ABC123
name
widget1


ABC123
description
Great widget!


ABC123
status
reserved







XYZ999
name
widget9


XYZ999
description
Lovely widget!


XYZ999
status
active




Each ProdId can have many fieldNames. My example table just shows name, description and status, but it could for expand to include colour, style, serial number etc. etc.
I need to report each prodId with all of the fieldName and fieldValue transposed, as below.




prodId
prodName
name
description
status
createdDate




ABC123
widget1
widget1
Great widget!
reserved
2022-10-27


XYZ999
widget9
widget9
Lovely widget!
active
2022-10-27




I thought this would be extremely simple, but it is causing me quite a headache!
My current approach is below, but sadly is not functioning:
SELECT * FROM (
  SELECT prodId, fieldName, fieldValue
  FROM tblObjects
) Results
PIVOT (
  fieldValue
  FOR fieldName
  IN (SELECT fieldName from tblObjects GROUP BY fieldName)
  )
) AS PivotTable


        