
# Next.js dynamic routes not working on production (after page refresh)

I can't seem to get dynamic routes in Next.js working with Firebase hosting. Everything works fine locally using the emulators, but after deploying the application using firebase deploy the dynamic route is not directly accessible. Instead, I just get redirected to the homepage.
I have carefully read the documententation and walked through the steps as described in https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting/nextjs.
Steps to reproduce
In this application, users are able to create and join rooms. Each room is a unique entry in a Firebase collection and can be accessed via /rooms/{roomId}. As stated before, everything works well locally. The issue comes after deploying the application (SSR function). I am able to create a room and view the room page after the application redirects me using router.push. However, if I refresh the page or I open up another tab and browse to the URL directly, I see the homepage instead.
It is hard to see as the recording stops right when the page is refreshed. But on the last frame I have joined the room (i.e. /room/IRLdCgdaOOTrIJunCDuv/. If I then refresh the page, the text "Home" (on the first frame) is shown:

Project setup
My firebase.json looks as follows:
{
  "firestore": { ... },
  "functions": [ ... ],
  "hosting": {
    "source": ".",
    "ignore": ["firebase.json", "**/.*", "**/node_modules/**"],
    // I've also  tried using `cleanUrls` and `trailingSlash` but with no luck
    "rewrites": [
      {
        "source": "**",
        "destination": "/index.html"
      }
    ]
  },
  "storage": { ... },
  "database": { ... },
  "emulators": { ... },
  "extensions": { ... }
}

Folder structure:

Relevant dependencies in package.json:
{
    "firebase": "^9.12.1",
    "next": "12.3.1",
    "react": "18.2.0",
    "react-dom": "18.2.0",
  },

Hoping someone could point me into the right direction.

        