
# Update attributes on existing iframe elements in nvarchar column via SQL

I've implemented code inside a ckeditor that replaces the src attribute of iframe elements with data-src and adds the data-cookieconsent attribute. In addition, a placeholder div is added after the iframe element. Regex is used to match the iframe elements in the string.
var value = CKEDITOR.instances.editor1.getData();
const regex = new RegExp('(?:<iframe[^>]*)(?:(?:\/>)|(?:>.*?<\/iframe>))');
const matches = value.match(regex);
if (typeof matches !== "undefined" && matches != null) {
    matches.forEach(element => {
        if (!element.includes("data-cookieconsent")) {
            value = value.replace(element, element.replace("src=", "data-add-placeholder data-cookieconsent=\"marketing\" data-src="))
            value = value.replace("</iframe>", "</iframe><div class=\"row justify - content - center\">" +
                "<div class=\"cookieconsent-optout-marketing blocked-media-placeholder\">" +
                "<div class=\"col-xs-6 col-xs-offset-3\">" +
                "<h3>For at se denne video skal vi bruge dit samtykke til at anvende cookies.Venligst <a href=\"javascript:Cookiebot.renew()\">tryk på dette link</a> og vfremvist denne video.</h3>" +
                "</div></div></div>")
        }
    });
}

However, I now need to replace the currently existing iframe elements and add the placeholder div in the database using sql. I'm aware that I can use update with the replace function to update parts of a text column, but this seems to require Regex to work, which as I understand, is quite limited in T-SQL.
What would be the best approach to this problem? How can I ensure only the iframe elements in the column are altered?

        