
# SUMIF equivalent with unique date ranges in Python (Summing if date falls within various date ranges for variable creation)

I am looking to create variables that sum based on date ranges unique to different features / categories to automate a current Excel task in Python.  It is like a SUMIF in Excel but unique date ranges for different variables.  I`ll try to recreate a similar situation as I cannot share the exact data.  At the moment, I have a sales dataframe with sales per week by area like so:




Week
Area
Sales




08/02/2019
London
200


08/02/2019
Scotland
150


15/02/2019
London
100


15/02/2019
Scotland
120


22/02/2019
London
50


22/02/2019
Scotland
20




I want to incorporate whether the date falls within sales periods for products, so say I have another dataframe like this:




Product
Sale Start Week
Sale End Week




Boots
08/02/2019
15/02/2019


Accessories
15/02/2019
22/02/2019




I want to create something that sums if the dates fall within those specified for each product.  For example, for Boots below, sum Sales if the weeks in Sales fall within the Sales Periods date range:




Area
Boots
Accessories




London
300
150


Scotland
270
140




I`ve tried groupby and a pivot table but I am not sure how to incorporate the sales dates filters into it.  At the moment, the sales period dataframe and the sales dataframe are separate.
This is what I have for the pivot code which is almost there:
test = pd.pivot_table(df,index=['Area','Week'],columns=sales_period_df['Product'],values=['Sales'],aggfunc=np.sum)

But this doesnt include filtering for the sales periods and I`m not sure how to incorporate this.  Would appreciate your advice, thanks in advance!

        