
# Why doesn't LINQ implement ICollection<T> (or other interfaces) when possible?

Consider this example:
List<int> GetLengths(ICollection<string> strings) =>
    strings
        .Select(s => s.Length)
        .ToList();

If Select() checked that the input collection implements ICollection<T> and that its length is known in advance, it could have returned ICollection<T> too, so that ToList() would initialize the resulting list with capacity. Instead, the list adds each value one by one, expanding its storage log(N) times.
Is there any reason it's not done so in LINQ?
Update: since there are many questions about my suggestion, here are some justifications for my concept:

LINQ already returns many different implementation of IEnumerable<T>. IMO there is nothing wrong with adding another iterator that implements one more interface.
A read-only ICollection<T> doesn't have to be materialized in memory, it only has to have Count. Here is an example of a bare implementation of ICollection<T> that behaves similar to Enumerable.Repeat<T>() except it calls a delegate to generate each element. It throws exceptions left and right, but so the stock ReadOnlyCollection<T> does.
The List<T>(IEnumerable<T> collection) constructor already checks if collection also implements ICollection<T>, so that the list can allocate its storage in advance. It doesn't violate any interfaces or conventions.
From architectural point of view, implementing IReadOnlyCollection<T> would make more sense, but unfortunately, it's often neglected in BCL itself, and the List<T> constructor doesn't check it.


        