
# How to run a Playwright test on specific browsers and viewport

I have an E2E tests suite with Playwright that runs on different browsers and viewports.
I specified the different browsers and viewports in my playwright.config.ts:
projects: [
  {
    name: 'chromium',
    use: {
      ...devices['Desktop Chrome'],
    },
  },

  {
    name: 'firefox',
    use: {
      ...devices['Desktop Firefox'],
    },
  },

  {
    name: 'webkit',
    use: {
      ...devices['Desktop Safari'],
    },
  },

  /* Test against mobile viewports. */
  {
    name: 'Mobile Chrome',
    use: {
      ...devices['Pixel 5'],
    },
  },
  {
    name: 'Mobile Safari',
    use: {
      ...devices['iPhone 12'],
    },
  },
]

There are certain tests that need to execute different assertions and clicks based on the viewport.
For example, when the viewport gets small enough, the header shrinks into a burger menu. On desktop, there is a "log out" button in the header, but on mobile, you have to open the burger menu first to see the "log out" button.
How can I write a test that runs only on mobile viewports (and vice versa, a test that runs only on desktop viewports)?
I was able to make it work with Playwright, but I didn't like my solution and suspect there is a better way to do this.
I grabbed the isMobile property from the test function, and then added a conditional click to open the burger menu on mobile like this:
test('given the user is logged in: lets the user log out', async ({
    page,
    baseURL,
    isMobile,
    browserName,
}) => {
    const { id } = await loginAndSaveUserProfileToDatabase({ page });
    await page.goto('./home');

    if (isMobile) {
      await page.getByRole('button', { name: /open main menu/i }).click();
    }

    // Logging the user out should redirect you to the landing page.
    await page.getByRole('button', { name: /open user menu/i }).click();
    await page.getByRole('menuitem', { name: /log out/i }).click();
    expect(page.url()).toEqual(baseURL + '/');
    // ...
}));

I don't like this approach, because it introduces a conditional into the test, which is an anti-pattern (and gets called out by the Playwright ESLint plugin). Also isMobile doesn't work for Firefox.
Ideally, there'd be a feature in Playwright like TestCafe's meta tags. In TestCafe you can add a meta to the test and filter out tests through this tag.
test
    .meta('mobile', true)
    ('My test that only runs on mobile', async t => { /* ... */});

But I couldn't find anything like that in the docs (other than grep tagging, which I'm unsure if its well suited for this use-case), so I'm asking this question.

        