
# Swift, Scroll View, Stack View, programatical Button Creation and Auto Layout causes weird Behaviors / Errors

I have a simple iOS App, containing a Scroll View (scroll horizontally, but mainly as described here: Is it possible for UIStackView to scroll?). By default the Horizontal Stack is empty (spacing = Standard, Distribution is Fill, but also Equal Spacing does not improve this), and I add buttons programatically to it (for example purpose I add a random length string, to have various sizes), using:
filterStackView.translatesAutoresizingMaskIntoConstraints = false
        
let newButtonConfiguration = UIButton.Configuration.filled()
let newButton = UIButton(configuration: newButtonConfiguration)
newButton.translatesAutoresizingMaskIntoConstraints = false
newButton.setTitle("\(randomString(length: Int.random(in: 5..<25)))", for: .normal)
newButton.setImage(UIImage(systemName: "xmark.circle", withConfiguration: UIImage.SymbolConfiguration(scale: .unspecified)), for: .normal)
newButton.addTarget(self, action: #selector(newButtonPressedAction), for: .touchUpInside)
filterStackView.addArrangedSubview(newButton)

I already tried adding to the button:
newButton.sizeToFit()
newButton.layoutIfNeeded()

or to the View Stack:
filterStackView.sizeToFit()
filterStackView.layoutIfNeeded()

Without any visible change. The weird things happening are:

After adding another one, sizes start changing in a funny way (if buttons are added from Story Board they really respect the width of the text - and Autolayout works fine):

And after playing with adding and removing them for a while:

And in the debug console I see constraints failing badly:
2022-11-01 14:05:48.450435+0100 TestAppSideScroll[20626:640959] [LayoutConstraints] Unable to simultaneously satisfy constraints.
    Probably at least one of the constraints in the following list is one you don't want. 
    Try this: 
        (1) look at each constraint and try to figure out which you don't expect; 
        (2) find the code that added the unwanted constraint or constraints and fix it. 
(
    "<NSLayoutConstraint:0x600001b58c80 'UISV-canvas-connection' H:[UIButton:0x122408660'N6xoAsl']-(0)-|   (active, names: '|':UIStackView:0x1505080c0 )>",
    "<_UISystemBaselineConstraint:0x600001b586e0 'UISV-spacing' H:[UIButton:0x1223095d0'oHSryjPsjrZA']-(NSLayoutAnchorConstraintSpace(8))-[UIButton:0x122408660'N6xoAsl']   (active)>"
)

Will attempt to recover by breaking constraint 
<_UISystemBaselineConstraint:0x600001b586e0 'UISV-spacing' H:[UIButton:0x1223095d0'oHSryjPsjrZA']-(NSLayoutAnchorConstraintSpace(8))-[UIButton:0x122408660'N6xoAsl']   (active)>

Make a symbolic breakpoint at UIViewAlertForUnsatisfiableConstraints to catch this in the debugger.
The methods in the UIConstraintBasedLayoutDebugging category on UIView listed in <UIKitCore/UIView.h> may also be helpful.

Which actually makes no sense, since the conflict seems to be the spacing constraint with the connection to the canvas constraint? But that I would expect to happen for every single button I add, if that would be the general problem - however there are no real constraints, except the spacing and the snapping of the scroll view.
Any help would be appreciated.

        