
# issue for mmap ,mmap share partially correctly

I am trying to share a struct database_t between my process and its child process using mmap. In my struct database_t there is a vector<student_t> and an int. The int is shared when a child process increments, but the vector just adds an empty student_t in all other process so all values are equal to 0: id=0, name="", section="" struct tm birhdate = 01/01/1900. I have also tested with replacing the vector in database_t with an array of student_t. In debug I can just see the first element in the array and it is an empty student_t and it doesn't change. I even tried to add fd to the mmap and using msync(&database_t,sizeof(database_t)+300000,4) but it doesn't work neither. There is always nothing in the file.
My code is too long and separated on multiple file so I put the most important part. For vector I just push_back a student to add to database.
struct student_t{
    unsigned id;         /** Unique ID **/
    char fname[64];      /** Firstname **/
    char lname[64];      /** Lastname **/
    char section[64];    /** Section **/
    struct tm birthdate; /** Birth date **/
    student_t(unsigned id,char* fname, char* lname, char* section,char* birthday):id{id}{
        strcpy(this->fname, fname);
        strcpy(this->lname, lname);
        strcpy(this->section, section);
        strptime(birthday, "%d/%m/%Y", &(this->birthdate));
    }
    student_t():id{0},fname{""},lname{""},section{""} {
        char* token = (char*)("01/01/1900");
        strptime(token, "%d/%m/%Y", &birthdate);
    }
};

typedef struct {
    vector<student_t> data; /** The list of students **/
    size_t lsize;    /** The logical size of the list **/
} database_t;

 const int protection = PROT_READ | PROT_WRITE;
 const int visibility = MAP_SHARED | MAP_ANONYMOUS;
 database_t *db = (database_t *) mmap(NULL, sizeof(database_t) + 300000000, protection, visibility, -1, 0);



when tried with fd 
FILE file = fopen("tmp.dat", "w");//to be sure that tmp.dat exist
int fd = open("tmp.dat",O_RDWR");
const int protection = PROT_READ | PROT_WRITE;
 const int visibility = MAP_SHARED | MAP_ANONYMOUS;
 database_t *db = (database_t *) mmap(NULL, sizeof(database_t) + 300000000, protection, visibility, fd, 0);

I want that my process to be able to share db with its child.

        