
# Swiper Js Slider - Images overlapping in fixed height slider

I am trying to implement a slider with a fixed height and auto width. The images should be adjusted to e.g. height: 800px and the widht should be true to the image resolution.
Currently my landscape images are not shown correctly, because the potrait images are overlapping left on them. On the right side of the potrait images is white space until the next image comes.
If I increase spaceBetween or margin, the landscape images get more visible, but the spaces are irregular and it looks inconsistent.
There should be equal space between any images, landscape or potrait.
I do no set width in any element of the slider.
My Implementation: https://playground-f2831f.webflow.io/model-images/provident-at-sunt-incidunt
How it is supposed to be: https://artworld.agency/artists/sarah-bassett
My slider param:
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/swiper@8/swiper-bundle.min.js"></script> 
<script>
$(".swiper").append(`<div class="swiper-scrollbar"></div>`);
$(".swiper").append(`<div class="swiper-pagination"></div>`);
$(".swiper").append(`<div class="swiper-arrow button-prev"></div>`);
$(".swiper").append(`<div class="swiper-arrow button-next"></div>`);

const swiper1 = new Swiper(".swiper", {
  // Optional parameters
  slidesPerView: 'auto',
  centeredSlides: false,
  speed: 1500,
  loop: false,
  simulateTouch : true,
  loopFillGroupWithBlank: false,
  grabCursor: true,
  direction: "horizontal",
  // Responsive breakpoints
  breakpoints: {
    // when window width is >= 480px
    480: {
      slidesPerView: 1
    },
    // when window width is >= 768px
    768: {
      slidesPerView: 2
    },
    // when window width is >= 992px
    992: {
      slidesPerView: 2
    }
  },

  // If we need pagination
  pagination: {
    el: ".swiper-pagination",
    clickable: true
  },

  // Navigation arrows
  navigation: {
    nextEl: ".button-next",
    prevEl: ".button-prev"
  },

  // And if we need scrollbar
  scrollbar: {
    el: ".swiper-scrollbar",
    draggable: true
  }
});



</script>

Thankful for any tip!
Best,
Nik
Changed sliderPerView to "auto" and several different values - expected it to show as many images as possible
Set height and width in swiper code - Forcing in expected sizes, didn't work
Changed width, margin and spaceBetween - moved potrait images off landscape images, but also increased white space

        