
# Failed to setup GlobalToolConfiguration In Jenkins - Http Status 403-Forbidden

My Jenkins is running in an azure app service as a java web application. as soon the app service started jenkins started & running successfully.
Im accessing Jenkins UI using the url https://app-service-url/jenkins
I logged into jenkins with initial admin password The next step is to choose  install suggested plugin & select plugins to install
upon clicking any of this options im getting "Error ocurred during installation".

However After few retries plugins are installed but for all further operation I do it is giving Http 403- Forbidden.
I tried to add Jdk in Global Tool Configuration before adding values it is throwing error and even I save it ends with 403-forbidden result.

I could not able to do anything in jenkins I failed to install new plugins,setup basic configuration,run commands in jenkins script console etc.
In all the cases periodically receiving Http 403-Forbidden.
In jenkins system log I found the messages.

Solutions Tried:

Tried to enable "Enable proxy compatibility" in GlobalSecurity - but 403-Forbidden

Added hudson.security.csrf.GlobalCrumbIssuerConfiguration.DISABLE_CSRF_PROTECTION = true in my app service Configuration(Similar to setting the Env Variable)

Created init.groovy script in JENKINS_HOME and added below commands
def instance = Jenkins.instance
instance.setCrumbIssuer(null)

Tried to install strict-crumb-issuer jenkins plugin but failed to install


Note: I tried latest jenkins version 2.375 as well as the downgraded version(2.361.2,2.332 etc).
looking for a solution to fix this no valid crumb Http 403- forbidden.

        