
# Stack Smashing when using Dinamic Arrays on nested structs [closed]







Closed. This question is not reproducible or was caused by typos. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question was caused by a typo or a problem that can no longer be reproduced. While similar questions may be on-topic here, this one was resolved in a way less likely to help future readers.


Closed 15 mins ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I got an *** stack smashing detected ***: terminated error when trying to use a dynamic rray inside on a nested structure.
The code runs ok, but it finish with the error. Also, the last line of the program is not executed, since only the first printf is generating output on the console, and instead the last printf, I got the stack smashing error...
Can somebody please :
a) Confirm me if I am using / setting up correctly the values of the nested structure below (yes,i need the structure inside being a dynamic array, I do not want to use lists yet).
b) Help me to get away the stack smashing error ?
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>

#define MAXCHAR 80
#define MAXARRAY 10
#define MAXCELLS 21

struct structInfoNet  
{
    int idCell;
    char MacAddress[MAXCHAR];
    char Essid[MAXCHAR];
    char Mode[MAXCHAR];
    int Channel;
};

typedef struct structInfoNet Net;


struct structCell 
{
    int nPAS;   
    //Net Red[MAXARRAY];  // How I do Convert this to a Dynamic Array ?
    Net *Red;
};

typedef struct structCell Cell;

void initCells(Cell cell[])
{

    int pos;
    for(pos=0;pos<=21;pos++)
    {
       cell[pos].nPAS=0;
       cell[pos].Red = (struct structInfoNet*) malloc(5 * sizeof *cell->Red);
     }
     printf ("Memory Allocated\n");
     // Increasing allocated memory only at Cell 5,  just to test realloc funtion.
     cell[5].Red = (struct structInfoNet*)  realloc(cell[5].Red, 10 * sizeof *cell->Red);

}

//Free mem used by dinamic arrays
void freeCells(Cell cell[])
{

    int pos;
    for(pos=0;pos<=21;pos++)
    {
        cell [pos].nPAS=0;
        free (cell[pos].Red);
    }
    printf ("Memory cleaned\n");
}



int main()
{
    Cell cell[MAXCELLS];  // I do not care structure Cells being a fixed array
                          // But I want the nested structure inside Cells (Net) being a dynamic array  
   initCells(cell);  // Do malloc and generate Dinamic Arrays in nested struct

   printf ("Assigning Values for testing \n");
   cell[3].Red[2].Channel=5;
   printf ("The value is %d \n",cell[3].Red[2].Channel);
   cell[5].Red[8].Channel=10;
   printf ("The value is %d \n",cell[5].Red[10].Channel);
   
   freeCells(cell); // I can now exit, but first I free allocated memory
 
   printf ("\nfinish 1!!. Printed Ok on screen");
   printf ("\nfinish 2!!. Not printed due error on execution");

}


 


        