
# Uncaught (in promise) ReferenceError: promiseOfSomeJsonData is not defined [closed]







Closed. This question is not reproducible or was caused by typos. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question was caused by a typo or a problem that can no longer be reproduced. While similar questions may be on-topic here, this one was resolved in a way less likely to help future readers.


Closed 3 hours ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



Uncaught (in promise) ReferenceError: promiseOfSomeJsonData is not defined
Swagger-UI needs a json for an url to work. Unfortunately it has duplicate keys and the original url cannot be changed. So I want to fetch it and do a JSON.stringify to make a valid json file. Swagger UI takes in a spec parameter with a javascript object instead of a url.
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>Swagger UI</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://petstore.swagger.io/swagger-ui.css" >
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="favicon-32x32.png" sizes="32x32" />
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="favicon-16x16.png" sizes="16x16" />
    <style>
      html
      {
        box-sizing: border-box;
        overflow: -moz-scrollbars-vertical;
        overflow-y: scroll;
      }

      *,
      *:before,
      *:after
      {
        box-sizing: inherit;
      }

      body
      {
        margin:0;
        background: #fafafa;
      }
    </style>
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="swagger-ui"></div>

    <script src="swagger-ui-bundle.js"> </script>
    <script src="swagger-ui-standalone-preset.js"> </script>
    <script type = "text/javascript">  
       promiseOfSomeData = fetch("https://petstore.swagger.io/v2/swagger.json").then(r=>r.json()).then(data => {
         console.log('in async');
         return data;
       });
    </script>  
    <script>

    window.onload = async () => {
      var url = window.location.search.match(/url=([^&]+)/);
      if (url && url.length > 1) {
        url = decodeURIComponent(url[1]);
      }
      else if (document.location.href.substring(0, 5) === "file:") {
        url = "../swagger.json";
      }
      else {
        var baseUrl = document.location.href;
        //this removes the anchor at the end, if there is one
        baseUrl = baseUrl.substring(0, (baseUrl.indexOf("#") === -1) ? baseUrl.length : baseUrl.indexOf("#"));
        //this removes the query after the file name, if there is one
        baseUrl = baseUrl.substring(0, (baseUrl.indexOf("?") === -1) ? baseUrl.length : baseUrl.indexOf("?"));
        //this removes everything after the last slash in the path
        baseUrl = baseUrl.substring(0, (baseUrl.lastIndexOf("/") === -1) ? baseUrl.length : baseUrl.lastIndexOf("/"));

        url = baseUrl + "/swagger.json";
      }

      // Uncaught (in promise) ReferenceError: promiseOfSomeJsonData is not defined
      let someData = await promiseOfSomeJsonData;

      // Begin Swagger UI call region
      const ui = SwaggerUIBundle({
        url: url,
        dom_id: '#swagger-ui',
        deepLinking: true,
        presets: [
          SwaggerUIBundle.presets.apis,
          SwaggerUIStandalonePreset
        ],
        plugins: [
          SwaggerUIBundle.plugins.DownloadUrl
        ],
        layout: "StandaloneLayout"
      });
      // End Swagger UI call region

      window.ui = ui
      console.log("onload completed");
    }
  </script>
  </body>
</html>

My problem is very basic. I have changed the window.onload to be async and added a test function called "promiseOfSomeData". Unfortunately I can't reference the function.
// Uncaught (in promise) ReferenceError: promiseOfSomeJsonData is not defined
What am I missing?

        