
# Smoothly change colour array being sent and used by Vertex Shader

fairly new to using ThreeJS + React Three. I have created a scene that essentially creates an animated plane with the vertex shader being sent an array of 5 colours to be used during a procedural noise.
Everything works fine, the mesh works, the vertex works, and changing the colour too, also works but unfortunately, it is sudden, whereas I would like to see the colour change over a few seconds so that it is smoonth.
I have looked into the following and unfortunately had no avail into it.
Attempt 1:
Color.lerpColors(initial, new, alpha) 
So I did some research and saw that you can use this lerpColors, which from my understanding takes in its initial value, the new value, then the alpha channel is actually a 0 - 1 range of which colour should take affect 0 being initial and 1 being new.
Unfortunately, although it does "work" it was not the required result on which I was looking for, yes the colour changed, but again, it was instant.
Attempt 2:
TWEEN.js 
So some more research pointed out that i might need to tween, as I need a scaled value that occurs during the "inbetween" (hence tween) of when the colour is being lerp'd (if lerp'd is a word, it is now).
I attempted to set this all up, had it all installed and unfortunately, no avail.
From some of the resources I had used, it was set up as so but unfortunately the onUpdate() method that is chained seemed to be where some kind of assignment was being done, but again, once that assignment is done, its instant. 
CODE:
const t = new TWEEN.Tween(initialVal).to(updatedVal).start().onUpdate(() => someAssignment = updatedVal); 
return t.update();

Attempt 3: combining both. 
So I also tried combining both of the values together but again, it just updated everything instanting due to the assignment in onUpdate(). Unfortunately if I do not pass the value to be updated during the update, the Tween doesn't seem to update the values from the initialObject to the new Object, whether I have missunderstood something and its attempting to take the initial object and update with the new one but there is no reference for it for what and where it should update is causing the issue.
Below is some code from my JS + Vertex Shaders for those who wish to see. 
JS FILE
/// imports

// base colors to be sent
const baseColors = [
    `#ec4c1c`,
    `#ef7c5f`,
    `#d2a393`,
    `#c8bab8`,
    `#c7bfbf`,
].reverse()
const pallete = baseColors.map((color) => new THREE.Color(color))

function LavaLampMesh() {
    const { colors } = useGradientState() // object that allows for changing of pallete colours from a global state.
    const mesh = useRef()


    const uniforms = useMemo(
        () => ({
            time: { value: 0 },
            uColor: { value: pallete },
            resolution: { value: new THREE.Vector4() },
        }),
        []
    )
    
    useFrame((state) => {
        const { clock } = state
        mesh.current.material.uniforms.time.value += 0.0002

        /*
         * This is where I believe I need to do something
         * I suspect, that during each frame being ran, 
         * I need to have RGB Vals being changed during each frame from its initial to its updated val.
         */
    })

    useEffect(() => {
        // Where I had some of the above code handling the switching of colours
    }, [colors])

    return (
        <mesh ref={mesh} position={[0, 0, 0]} rotation={[-Math.PI / 2, 0, 0]}>
            <planeGeometry args={[1.5, 1.5, 150, 150]} />
            <shaderMaterial
                args={[
                    {
                        uniforms,
                        vertexShader,
                        fragmentShader,
                    },
                ]}
            />
        </mesh>
    )
}

export function LavaLampScene() {
    return (
        <Canvas camera={{ position: [0, 2, 1], fov: 7 }}>
            <LavaLampMesh />
            <ambientLight intensity={0.3} />
            <directionalLight color="white" position={[0, 0, 5]} />
        </Canvas>
    )
}

Vertex Shader
uniform float time;
varying vec2 vUv;
varying vec3 vPosition;
uniform vec3 uColor[5];
varying vec3 vColor;
uniform vec2 pixels;
float PI = 3.141592653589793238;

// Simplex 3D Noise C+P here - Authors Ian McEwan, Ashima Arts

// End Simplex 3D Noise C+P 

void main() {
    vec2 noiseCoord = uv*vec2(3., 4.);

    float tilt = -0.8*uv.y;
    float incline = uv.x*0.5;
    float offset = incline * mix(-.25, 0.25, uv.y);

    float noise = snoise(vec3(noiseCoord.x + time * 3., noiseCoord.y, time * 10.));

    noise = max(0., noise);

    vec3 pos = vec3(position.x, position.y, position.z + noise * 0.4 + tilt + offset);

    vColor = uColor[2];

    for(int i = 0; i < 4; i++) {

        float noiseFlow = 5. + float(i) * 0.3;
        float noiseSpeed = 10. + float(i) * 0.3;

        float noiseSeed = 1. + float(i) *10.;

        vec2 noiseFreq = vec2(1, 1.4);

        float noiseFloor = 0.1;
        float noiseCeil = 0.6 + float(i)*0.09;

        float noise = smoothstep(noiseFloor, noiseCeil, snoise(vec3(noiseCoord.x * noiseFreq.x + time * noiseFlow, noiseCoord.y * noiseFreq.y, time * noiseSpeed + noiseSeed)));

        vColor = mix(vColor, uColor[i], noise);
    }


    vUv = uv;
    gl_Position = projectionMatrix * modelViewMatrix * vec4(pos, 1.0);
}


        