
# How can I deactivate several buttons when I click a button?

I am having a button pattern in my python and qt  UI. The pattern is 3x3 which means 9 buttons in total.
Every button has a specific function. Now I am looking for a way to disable the other 8 buttons while 1 button is checked and re activate the other 8 buttons when the button is unchecked.
I tried to create a list of buttons to iterate through it when I click a button but I failed getting it to work since my buttons in the list becoming a string.

    

class Startscreen(QDialog):
    def __init__(self):
        super(Startscreen,self).__init__()
        loadUi("Main.ui",self)
        self.pushButton.clicked.connect(self.funct1)
        self.pushButton_2.clicked.connect(self.funct2)
        self.pushButton_3.clicked.connect(self.funct3)
        self.pushButton_4.clicked.connect(self.funct4)
        self.pushButton_5.clicked.connect(self.funct5)
        self.pushButton_6.clicked.connect(self.funct6)
        self.pushButton_7.clicked.connect(self.funct7)
        self.pushButton_8.clicked.connect(self.funct8)
        self.pushButton_9.clicked.connect(self.funct9)



    def funct1(self,checked):
        if checked: 
            self.dosomething(1)
        elif not checked: 
            print("i am not checked")


there are 8 other def functions. So I need help to find a way how to disable the other 8 buttons when 1 function is called.
I dont wanna copy paste self.pushButton_2-9.setEnabled(False) every time.
Is there some more elegant way to do that ?

        