
# Why is external HTTP POST request not reaching my webpage?

I am trying to incorporate Paypal IPN on my website. However, the IPN post sent by Paypal never reaches my website/server. My website is on a shared Godaddy server (cpanel). I contacted the hosting provider several times and they said everything is working fine on their end and that nothing is being blocked so the issue must be code related.
I have created a .php webpage for the IPN listener. The code has not worked thus far because the POST request never arrives. The IPN Simulator indicates POST sent and handshake verified, but nothing comes through. I've tried with Sandbox, Production/live,and IPN Simulator all with same results. When I try sending an HTTP Post request on test sites like ReqBin with text content, json, etc., it seems to work fine per the test site, but POST and content never show up on my actual webpage. Below is the code I used to test if a POST was received:
`
if ($_SERVER['REQUEST_METHOD'] === 'POST') {
    // …
    echo "There is a post";
} else { echo "No Post";

}

The result on test sites like ReqBin is always "There is a post". However, on my webpage it always returns "No Post". I have confirmed with the Web Developer tools on Firefox and Chrome that no POST is received. I do receive a GET with a Status 404 Not Found (Version HTTP/2), which may be related to the issue. I also receive a GET with Status 200, but that's just apparently the webpage loading. I've tried "Access-control-allow-origin:*" on .htaccess but it does not change the results. I also have SSL certificate and redirect domain to www.mydomain/. However, for the POST requests I enter the url as https://www.mydomain/listener.php, so there does not appear to be a redirect which may prevent the post from reaching the site.
Thank you

        