
# How to create a list of all method calls done at run time

For specific methods within my project, I would like to add them to a list at runtime; as a way of logging "all" important actions.
Say that I have a method called nextInteger(Int num) which returns num + 1.
And another method called addNewItem(List<Int> ls, int num) that appends num to ls.
I will have no idea how the user will use these functions until runtime, so anytime either are called, I would like to log them into a list of 'actions'.
So if at runtime, the user runs nextInteger(3), then this magical list will save inside the list [(nextInteger::num->num, 3)]. Or if they did the following set of actions:

nextInteger(7)
nextInteger(3)
addNewItem([1,2,3], 4)
addNewItem([], 7)

Then my magical list will be [(nextInteger :: num -> num, 7), (nextInteger :: num -> num, 3), (addNewItem :: ls -> num -> ls, ([1,2,3], 4)), (addNewItem :: ls -> num -> ls, ([], 7))].
To be super clear, I'd like to log only specific methods; if I have another method in my codebase, called doNothing() which literally does nothing, then any time this function is called, it would not be added to the list.
This is essentially a means to an end, so that I may then re-run these specific actions at a later point during runtime if needed be. So if a flag is raised at runtime, whatever this list is at this point, will go ahead and rerun all these actions will all given parameters.
I think the only way this can be done is by using a hashmap. Say the key value of 1 is associated to nextInteger(Int num) and a key value of 2 is associated to addNewItem(List<Int> ls, int num). Then everytime I do one of the specific actions, I store the key-value, and the parameters required to pass into the function. However, I am completely stumped on how to actually do this.

        