
# I am getting TypeError: unsupported operand type(s) for -: 'list' and 'int' for timestamp replace method even it was worked in another function [closed]







Closed. This question is not reproducible or was caused by typos. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question was caused by a typo or a problem that can no longer be reproduced. While similar questions may be on-topic here, this one was resolved in a way less likely to help future readers.


Closed 19 mins ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I am trying to create a function that updates the day of a timestamp if the previous day of timestamp is greater by (here, report includes letters and timestamps):
def fault_day(report):

    if report[len(report)-1].day < report[len(report)-3].day:
        report[len(report-1)] = report[len(report)-1].replace(day = report[len(report)-3].day)

    return report


While i don't get any error by the other replace function, which:
def next_day_check(prediction_list):

    if prediction_list[len(prediction_list)-1].hour < prediction_list[len(prediction_list)-3].hour:
        prediction_list[len(prediction_list)-1] = prediction_list[len(prediction_list)-1].replace(day = prediction_list[len(prediction_list)-1].day + 1)

    return prediction_list


I am getting TypeError: unsupported operand type(s) for -: 'list' and 'int' from the first one. How can I get rid of it or how can I solve the problem?
Thanks for your time and advices.

        