
# DeprecationWarning: the formatter module is deprecated and empty log file is being created

I'm trying to test my understanding of logging in Python but seems I'm missing something. There are two questions I have.
First is when I start the program I get a message:
"DeprecationWarning: the formatter module is deprecated"
What does this mean? Is there a different way I'm supposed to set the formatting? Is my formatting obsolete?
The second questions is when the code is executed I see that a file is created but when I open it it's empty. I went through some of the topics here but couldn't find a solution.
I'm on a mac not sure if this makes a difference, but still.
The code:
import formatter, logging, sys

logger = logging.getLogger(__name__)
console_logging = logging.StreamHandler(sys.stdout) #Logging the messages to the console
file_logging = logging.FileHandler('log_to_file.log') #Logging the messages to a log file

formatter = logging.Formatter('%(asctime)s - %(message)s - %(levelname)s') #Formatting how the messages would look like
console_logging.setFormatter(formatter) #The format defined above is what we will see in the console
file_logging.setFormatter(formatter) #The format defined above is what we will see in the logs

logger.addHandler(console_logging)
logger.setLevel(logging.INFO) #Setting the log level (custom), so all messages with info and above will be displayed


def user_name():
    while True:
       name = input("\nEnter your username: ")
       for letter in name:
           if letter not in 'abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz':
            logger.error('Username has to contain only letters')
       name = input('\nTry again: ')
       logger.info(f'Username Entered: {name}')        
       return None

def user_password():

    while True:
        password = int(input("\nEnter account pin: "))
        while password != 1234:
            logger.error("Invalid pin.")
            password = int(input("\nTry again: "))
            logger.info(f'Username Entered: {password}')
        return None



user_name()
user_password()




        