
# I am currently converting a csv file to json so I can use it for some visualizations. How do I use this array outside of this async function? [duplicate]







This question already has answers here:
                        
                    



How do I return the response from an asynchronous call?

                                (44 answers)
                            


Why is my variable unaltered after I modify it inside of a function? - Asynchronous code reference

                                (7 answers)
                            

Closed 20 mins ago.



I am currently working in javascript using npm's csvtojson and I ran into a problem where I can't use the array parsed from a csv outside of the function call to convert it. The csv contains coordinates that I want to use as markers plotted on google maps api. The parser I'm using uses a async function to convert the csv to json array but I can't do anything with it outside of the function.
Here is the code I wrote so far:
const CSVToJSON = require("csvtojson");
const JSONToCSV = require("json2csv").parse;
const FileSystem = require("fs");

var arrOfCoords = [];

CSVToJSON().fromFile("./fixedCoordinates.csv").then(source => {
    for (let i =0; i < source.length; i++){
        let lat = source[i]["Latitude (deg)"];
        let lng = source[i]["Longitude (deg)"];
        let coords = [lat, lng];
        //console.log(coords);
        arrOfCoords.push([coords[0], coords[1]]);
        //console.log(arrOfCoords[i]);
    }
    console.log(arrOfCoords); //this will output the array correctly
    

    
});

console.log(aarOfCoords); //this will not, is not defined



Is there a way to export this array when it is populated or do I need to use another library/function call to get this code to work? Appreciate the help

        