
# Open multiple webapp pages simultaneously with different template on google apps script

It-is possible from google apps script to open simultaneously multiple webapp page with differents HTML templates?
I have a project on google sheets. On this project, I maked a button ( drawing option ). This button launch the script based on "apps script" which run without problem.
Now, I wanna the script will be able to open 4 differents webapp pages using differents HTML templates and deploying on different browser tabs.
Possible? If yes how?
Thanks in advance.
EDIT :
To rendering a webapp page, I use this code (the button on google sheets call this function) :
function openApp() {
  var url = "IDDeployementProject" 
  var html = "<script>window.open('"+url+"');google.script.host.close();</script>";
  var userInterface = HtmlService.createHtmlOutput(html);

  SpreadsheetApp.getUi().showModalDialog(userInterface, 'Opening interface');
}

followed by :
function doGet() {
   return HtmlService.createTemplateFromFile('focused_template_one').evaluate().setTitle('test');  
}

Of course some code working before the webapp rendering like extract data in sheets, parsing, processing .... ( This code haven't utility on my question So I didn't copy it here ).
It is clear that opening several webapp pages on browser tabs simultaneously with differents HTML templates, cannot be done with a simple loop.
The goal is : any pages have a different role and can't used the same HTML template. I would like to know if this is possible to :

Opened multiple webapp pages simultaneously with apps script and used differents HTML templates for each webapp page?

If yes, how? Because I not found any example in the officiel documentation.


Thanks!

        