
# I do not understand this

So...Question 2 on Stack Overflow...
I need to sort of evaluate a string(I'm trying my best to explain it simply) so that it can be part of an if condition. I'm calling the eval() function but everytime I run it, it says that the 'bool' object is not callable.
Im not sure what I'm doing right now...
EDIT:
The program is called Wordle Solution. This program is inspired by Wordle created by The New York Times. In wordle, the main goal is to guess a word in 6 tries. This can be hard for some users which is why this program will be created.
The program will help users by giving a list of possible solutions for the wordle. The program will ask them for characters. Using these characters, the program opens a CSV file called dictionary.txt and searches for words that contain the characters. If the number of words that contain the letters exceeds more than 100, then the program will ask the user to enter more characters. Additionally, if the words in the dictionary contain the letters, they will be added to another list and that list will be printed as a possible solution.
#Upload File Dictionary.txt
from google.colab import files
uploaded = files.upload()

#Open File Dictionary.txt

han = open('Dictionary.txt')

#Read all the lines

Lines = han.readlines()

#Close File Handle

han.close()


#Ask for inputs

# Create function to validate input that returns true or false. If false then ask for input again.

first_char = input('Enter first character(lower cases) or press Enter: ')

#validate_input(first_char)

second_char = input('Enter second character(lower cases) or press Enter: ')

#validate_input(second_char)

third_char = input('Enter third character(lower cases) or press Enter: ')

#validate_input(third_char)

fourth_char = input('Enter fourth character(lower cases) or press Enter: ')

#validate_input(fourth_char)

fifth_char = input('Enter fifth character(lower cases) or press Enter: ')

#validate_input(fifth_char)

cnt = 0
str = ""
cond_1 = 0
cond_2 = 0
cond_3 = 0
cond_4 = 0


if len(first_char) == 1:
  str = str + '(line[0] ==' + '"' + first_char + '") '
  cond_1 = 1

if len(second_char) == 1:
  if cond_1 == 1:
    str = str + ' and '
  str = str + '(line[1] ==' + '"' + second_char + '") '
  cond_2 = 1

if len(third_char) == 1:
  if (cond_1 == 1 | cond_2 ==1):
    str = str + ' and '
  str = str + '(line[2] ==' + '"' + third_char + '") '
  cond_3 = 1

if len(fourth_char) == 1:
  if (cond_1 == 1 | cond_2 ==1 | cond_3==1):
    str = str + ' and '
  str = str + '(line[3] ==' + '"' + fourth_char + '") '
  cond_4 = 1

if len(fifth_char) == 1:
  if (cond_1 == 1 | cond_2 ==1 | cond_3==1 | cond_4==1):
    str = str + ' and '
  str = str + '(line[4] ==' + '"' + fifth_char + '") '

print(str)



Solutions = [] # create a blank list

# condn = user_condition(first_char,second_char,)

for line in Lines:
    cnt = cnt+1
    #print(cnt,line)
    if len(line) == 6:
       if eval(str):
          Solutions.append(line.strip())
print(Solutions)

The results come out to be as:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
TypeError                                 Traceback (most recent call last)
<ipython-input-8-b3b5f9206d5d> in <module>
     16     #print(cnt,line)
     17     if len(line) == 6:
---> 18        if eval(str):
     19           Solutions.append(line.strip())
     20 print(Solutions)

<string> in <module>

TypeError: 'bool' object is not callable

I do not know what I'm doing anymore please help...
Thank You in Advance!

        