
# Helm chart bitnami/spark with Java 17 and Scala 2.13

I am new to Kubernetes and Spark, and trying to deploy a Spark application that runs on Java 17 and Scala 2.13.
I have installed Spark with Scala 2.13 and updated kubernetes/dockerfiles/spark/Dockerfile under Spark installation directory to use Java 17 base image:
ARG java_image_tag=17-jdk-slim

Copied my spark application jar compiled on Java 17. under /jars directory and created a Docker image. I have managed to deploy this using spark-submit command on a local Kubernetes cluster.
Now I want to use the bitname helm chart bitnami/spark to deploy my Spark application jar. I have installed Helm, installed bitnami/spark with the default image and it works fine. But this doesn't support Java 17 and Scala 2.13. I have tried to run my previously built Docker image on this Chart by supplying additional argument on the helm install command:
helm install my-spark-poc --set image.repository=my-repo,image.tag=latest bitnami/spark

And getting Error as a status for master and worker pods with below logs on both master and worker containers:
Non-spark-on-k8s command provided, proceeding in pass-through mode...
+ case "$1" in
+ echo 'Non-spark-on-k8s command provided, proceeding in pass-through mode...'
+ CMD=("$@")
+ exec /usr/bin/tini -s --
tini (tini version 0.19.0)
Usage: tini [OPTIONS] PROGRAM -- [ARGS] | --version

Execute a program under the supervision of a valid init process (tini)

Command line options:

  --version: Show version and exit.
  -h: Show this help message and exit.
  -s: Register as a process subreaper (requires Linux >= 3.4).
  -p SIGNAL: Trigger SIGNAL when parent dies, e.g. "-p SIGKILL".
  -v: Generate more verbose output. Repeat up to 3 times.
  -w: Print a warning when processes are getting reaped.
  -g: Send signals to the child's process group.
  -e EXIT_CODE: Remap EXIT_CODE (from 0 to 255) to 0.
  -l: Show license and exit.

Environment variables:

  TINI_SUBREAPER: Register as a process subreaper (requires Linux >= 3.4).
  TINI_VERBOSITY: Set the verbosity level (default: 1).
  TINI_KILL_PROCESS_GROUP: Send signals to the child's process group.


How can I run my jar on Java 17 and Scala 2.13 using this Helm chart?

        