
# Use Elliptic-Curve cryptography on Node.js Server

I am currently building a node.js server for a project and I don't really know much about cryptography. I was using RSA which was pretty easy to set up but I wanted to do a bit more and use Elliptic Curve cryptography instead.
I want to do things cleanly but I don't really know how to do it.
I generated my keys and the certificate like that :

openssl ecparam -name prime256v1 -genkey -noout -out private-key.pem


openssl ec -in private-key.pem -pubout -out public-key.pem


openssl req -new -x509 -key private-key.pem -out cert.pem -days 9999

And in my node server I do this :
https
  .createServer({
      key: fs.readFileSync("ssl/private-key.pem"),
      cert: fs.readFileSync("ssl/cert.pem"),
    }, app
  )
  .listen(8800, () => {
    console.log("server is runing at port 8800");
  });

Which works but I'm not really sure if I should use the private key here.
I tried using the public key instead of the private one but I get this error :
Error: PEM_read_bio_PrivateKey
    at setKey (node:internal/tls/secure-context:92:11)
    at configSecureContext (node:internal/tls/secure-context:174:7)
    at Object.createSecureContext (node:_tls_common:117:3)
    at Server.setSecureContext (node:_tls_wrap:1352:27)
    at Server (node:_tls_wrap:1211:8)
    at new Server (node:https:74:3)
    at Object.createServer (node:https:112:10)
    at Object.<anonymous> (/home/.../index.ts:37:4)
    at Module._compile (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:1149:14)
    at Module.m._compile (/home/.../src/index.ts:1618:23)

As I said, I don't know much about cryptography so I am kinda diving into the unknown here. Could someone please help me with this because I don't want to mess things up and do stupid things.
For me I should use the public key and not the private one but I could be wrong.

        