
# The constructor is not defined [closed]







Closed. This question is not reproducible or was caused by typos. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question was caused by a typo or a problem that can no longer be reproduced. While similar questions may be on-topic here, this one was resolved in a way less likely to help future readers.


Closed 3 mins ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I am trying to make a stimulation of a cafe. I two classes I am currently working on which are owner and worker. The owner class extends from the worker class. The constructor in the owner class has an error which I am trying to resolve but can't seem too. May you please guide me, I will attach the code below:
Owner class
public class Owner extends Worker{

    Table table;
    Waiter[] waiters;

      // constructor
      Owner(Clock clock, Table table, Cupboard cupboard, Juice juice, Waiter[] waiters, int cooldown) {
        super(0, clock, cupboard,juice, cooldown); 
        setName("Owner");
        setPriority(Thread.MAX_PRIORITY);
        this.table = table;
        this.waiters = waiters;
      };


Worker class
public class Worker extends Thread{
    
    //variable declaration
    Cupboard cupboard;
    Juice juice;
    Clock clock;
    int id;
    int cooldown;
    Boolean working = true;
    ReentrtantLock = new ReentractLock();
    
    //constructor
    
    Worker(int id, Cupboard cupboard, Juice juice, Clock clock) {
        this.id = id;
        this.clock= clock;
        this.cupboard = cupboard;
        this.juice = juice;
            
    };

I tried changing the variables in the super() but that was unsuccessful.

        