
# Add lower and upper limit specification vertical lines on histogram with DENEB [VEGA-LITE]


Hello!
I am working with data analysis on Power BI. Since recently the platform removed the Histogram Chart I am trying to work with Deneb, a custom visual based on Vega-lite.
I would like to build a histogram, with mean, lower specification limit (LSL) and upper specification limit (USL).
My results are dynamic , since there are many products I am working with. Each product has analysis like pH, weight, concentration, etc, and each analysis has its own LSL and USL (ex: pH 7.0 to 8.5, concentration 1,3 to 2,9 % and weight 120 to 300 mg, all for product A).
I watched the video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67ucnNrMHgY, which really helped me!
But I still am not able to add LSL and USL, because I am new in Vega-lite world.
{
  "description": "Histogram",
  "data": {"name": "dataset"},
  "layer": [
    {
      "mark": {
        "type": "bar",
        "color": "#377eb8",
        "tooltip": true
      },
      "encoding": {
        "x": {
          "field": "RESULTS",
          "bin": {"maxbins": 10
          },
          "title": "RESULTS"
        },
        "y": {
          "aggregate": "count",
          "title": "ABSOLUTE FREQUENCE"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "mark": "rule",
      "encoding": {
        "x": {
          "aggregate": "mean",
          "field": "RESULTS"
          },
          "color": {"value": "red"},
          "size": {"value": 3}
        }
    }
              ]
    }


How can I add vertical lines with my limits? They are measures on Power BI. I can't fix a value, because the value change according with analyasis.
How to add vertical Rule with constant value to Vega Lite chart? This question is similar to mine, but didn't helped me, unfortunatelly.

        