
# Why is NameError: name 'df' is not defined occurring, when I think I have defined df? [closed]







Closed. This question is not reproducible or was caused by typos. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question was caused by a typo or a problem that can no longer be reproduced. While similar questions may be on-topic here, this one was resolved in a way less likely to help future readers.


Closed 2 hours ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I am getting an error:
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>
NameError: name 'df' is not defined

When trying to print(df) in the terminal for the code below.
My understanding was that I had defined df in the bottom line:
df = pd.read_html(str(congress_table))
Can someone tell me how to stop getting the error and print the wikipedia table?
Code:
from bs4 import BeautifulSoup
import requests
import pandas as pd

wiki_url = 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_current_members_of_the_United_States_House_of_Representatives'
table_id = 'votingmembers'

response = requests.get(wiki_url)
soup = BeautifulSoup(response.text, 'html.parser')

congress_table = soup.find('table', attrs={'id': table_id})
df = pd.read_html(str(congress_table))

I tried to print(df)
Instead I got the error above
I was expecting the terminal to return details of the wikipedia table id at the url in the code above.
I have googled other DF issues, but they just say make sure you define DF - which I thought I had done.

        