
# VScode debugging: /dev/gpiomem Permission denied

Goal: I want to set up the VScode debugging on Ubuntu with a Raspberry Pi 400.
What I have done: I am able to compile and run the program using sudo ./program_name. I have to run sudo otherwise I get permission denied error. I would like to not run VScode with root privileges as its generally discouraged.
The problem: When I launch the debugger (press F5) and I include wiringPi.h, I get the following error:
wiringPiSetup: Unable to open /dev/mem or /dev/gpiomem: Permission denied.
  Aborting your program because if it can not access the GPIO
  hardware then it most certianly won't work
  Try running with sudo?
[1] + Done                       "/usr/bin/gdb" --interpreter=mi --tty=${DbgTerm} 0<"/tmp/Microsoft-MIEngine-In-j40gmjsr.mas" 1>"/tmp/Microsoft-MIEngine-Out-vltmyj1b.a3g"


My launch.json file looks like this:
{
    // Use IntelliSense to learn about possible attributes.
    // Hover to view descriptions of existing attributes.
    // For more information, visit: https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=830387
    "version": "0.2.0",
    "configurations": [
        {
            "name": "C/C++ - Build and debug active file",
            "type": "cppdbg",
            "request": "launch",
            "program": "${fileDirname}/${fileBasenameNoExtension}",
            "args": [],
            "stopAtEntry": false,
            "cwd": "${workspaceFolder}",
            "environment": [],
            "externalConsole": false,
            "MIMode": "gdb",
            "preLaunchTask": "C/C++: g++ build active file",
            "miDebuggerPath": "/usr/bin/gdb"
        }
  
    ]
}

What should I be doing to be able to launch the debugger with my setup? Can I add something to the launch.json file?

        