
# Plate with a hole using meshgrid - MATLAB [closed]







Closed. This question needs debugging details. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 Edit the question to include desired behavior, a specific problem or error, and the shortest code necessary to reproduce the problem. This will help others answer the question.


Closed 3 hours ago.


This post was edited and submitted for review 2 hours ago.





                        Improve this question
                    



I am trying to create plate with a hole using meshgrid command of MATLAB.

The rectangle/square is from -30 to 60 (in both x and y directions)
Circular hole of radius 5 located at (10,20) needs to removed.
Hole: There is no material. I have to make computation based on coordinates which should not lie inside hole/s. The points can lie on the hole boundary.
Creating meshgrid for the rectangle/square or the circular hole is straight forward.
For the plate with hole is where I need help.
Thank you.
% Code I have used
% Number of points in rectangle
nopRECT = 101;
rectangleX = linspace(-30,60,nopRECT);
rectangleY = linspace(-30,60,nopRECT);

[xGRID,yGRID] = meshgrid(rectangleX,rectangleY);


% Circular Hole 1
a = 5;
r_a = linspace(0,(a-0.01*a),nopRECT);
t_a = linspace(0,2*pi,nopRECT);

[ra tha] = meshgrid(r_a,t_a);

C1x = 10 + ra.*cos(tha);
C1y = 20 + ra.*sin(tha);

[ROW1,COL1] = size(xGRID);

TrackerMatrix = zeros(ROW1,COL1);

for i = 1:ROW1
    for j = 1:COL1
        
        xP = xGRID(i,j);
        yP = yGRID(i,j);
        
        dist1 = sqrt((xP-Xc1)^2+(yP-Yc1)^2);
        dist2 = sqrt((xP-Xc2)^2+(yP-Yc2)^2);
        
        if dist1 >= a
            TrackerMatrix(i,j) = 1;
        elseif dist1 >= b
            TrackerMatrix(i,j) = 1;
        else
            TrackerMatrix(i,j) = 0;
        end
    end % loop j
end % loop i


        