
# Using text document of whitespace containing filenames to batchcopy between directories

I am using terminal in MacOS Ventura. I want to have a textile of files which I will copy using the terminal. This won't work when spaces are in the filenames.
A=~/Documents/test1
B=~/Documents/test2

while IFS= read -r file; do
cp "${A}/${file}" "${B}"
done < ~/Documents/testme.txt

Here is the example text file.
# contents of ~/Documents/testme.txt
the first file.pdf
the second file.pdf
the third file.pdf


After running the code above I get:
cp: /Users/userdirectoryname/Documents/test1/the first file.pdf: No such file or directory
cp: /Users/userdirectoryname/Documents/test1/the second file.pdf: No such file or directory
cp: /Users/userdirectoryname/Documents/test1/the third file.pdf: No such file or directory

I assume this is because of the whitespaces in the filename, but let's assume I want to use a textile with non-escaped whitespace files separated only with a line break.
How is this done?
Even when I attempt to escape the use quotes, the following errors occur.
while IFS= read -r file; do
cp "\"${A}/${file}"\" "\"${B}/${file}"\"
done < ~/Documents/testme.txt
cp: "/Users/userdirectoryname/Documents/test1/the first file.pdf": No such file or directory
cp: "/Users/userdirectoryname/Documents/test1/the second file.pdf": No such file or directory
cp: "/Users/userdirectoryname/Documents/test1/the third file.pdf": No such file or directory

Yet no trouble copy-pasting that same line!
cp "/Users/userdirectoryname/Documents/test1/the first file.pdf" ./test2 Works!

        