
# Google Search Console API data is always off unless I make another API call

Sorry for the cryptic title but I am having a hard time to describe my issue. I will try to explain as good as possible.
We are currently developing a internal website that will query and store Google Search Console (GSC) data so we can look back further in the past. To do this we wrote a simple REST API in Golang which will, with a cronjob, retrieve our data.
This part is working fine. Our query can be found below.
{
    "startDate": "2022-06-01",
    "endDate": "2022-06-30",
    "dimensions": ["date", "country", "page", "device", "query"],
    "type": "web",
    "rowLimit": 25000,
    "startRow": 0
}

We then store all the rows (which are a couple of hundred thousands) in our database (Postgres) on our Ubuntu server.
Then in my application when I filter on for example:
Date rage: 2022-06-01 ~ 2022-06-2
Query: "Are apples red"
I receive the correct data from our API. So far so good. My initial thought was to loop through all the data and store each day in an array and then sum up the totals for CTR and Position i.e.
[
    "2022-06-01": {
        clicks: 92,
        impressions: 2122,
        click_through_rate: 0.132502,
        position: 36.5
    },
    "2022-06-02": {
        clicks: 49,
        impressions: 3224,
        click_through_rate: 0.029472,
        position: 21.8
    }
]

When I open my search console window, at the top Google shows four boxes with a background color (blue, purple, green and orange). The numbers which are displayed there do not match with my numbers.
It took me quite a while to figure out that, in the above example, I had to make another query to get the correct numbers like below:
{
    "startDate": "2022-10-10",
    "endDate": "2022-10-11",
    "dimensions": ["date"],
    "type": "web",
    "rowLimit": 25000,
    "startRow": 0
}

That is actually does return the correct numbers. But, that also means that I have to do this same trick for every single keyword I would have, not to mention each separate device and so on. I don't believe this is the way Google meant it to be, so hopefully anyone here can explain to me what would be the proper way of doing / calculating it.
My goal is to store all the rows and then be able to manually calculate those numbers so I don't have to make additional API calls to GSC.
An example of how the data is stored in our database:




ID
DATE
URL
KEYWORD
CLICKS
IMPRESSIONS
CTR
POSITION
COUNTRY
DEVICE




654138
2022-06-01 00:00:00.000000
site.com/fruits/
apple
6
2945
0.0020373514431239388
3.5229202037351444
nld
DESKTOP




I tried too many things to write down and nothing fixed it. The only fix so far I found is making a 2nd query.
Hopefully someone can help me out with this and tell me what would be the correct order of doing the API calls to Google and how to store the data so the numbers will do match.

        