
# RTK-Query meta response always empty object

When using RTK-Query to call an API, I need to access a custom header value. I've tried various options for accessing the response headers from the documentation, but all attempts result in an empty object returned:
meta: {
    "request": {},
    "response":{}
}

I can see in the network tab, that the headers are provided in the response. This is part of a refactor from using raw Axios calls where the header was available from the response object as the headers property.
I've tried accessing the headers through the meta parameter on the transformResponse function of the createApi
transformResponse: (response, meta, arg) => {
                console.log(`Transform -> meta: ${JSON.stringify(meta)}`)
               // dataKey: meta.response.headers['x-company-data-key'],

                return {
                    ...response,
                    // dataKey
                }
            }

I've also tried accessing the headers via the meta property of the action parameter from the extraReducers function in the feature slice:

extraReducers: (builder) => {
        builder.addMatcher(companyApi.endpoints.getSomeData.matchFulfilled, (state, action) => {
            console.log(`action meta: ${JSON.stringify(action.meta)}`)

            state.result = action.payload.result
            // state.dataKey = action.meta.response.headers['x-company-data-key']
        })
    }


Both instances result in the meta object that looks like this:
meta: {
  "request": {},
  "response": {}
}

The API's base query looks like this:
baseQuery: fetchBaseQuery({
        baseUrl: process.env.REACT_APP_API_ENDPOINT,
        prepareHeaders: ( (headers, { getState }) => {
            const realm = getState().companyAuth.realm

            if (realm) {
                const token = readToken(realm)
                if (token)
                    headers.set('Authorization', `Bearer ${token.access_token}`)
            }
            return headers
        })
    }),

and finally, the endpoints definition for this API endpoint:
getCompanyData: builder.query({
            query: (params) => {
                const { location, page, pageSize } = params
                return {
                    url: `/companies/${location}`,
                    params: { page, pageSize }
                }
            }
        })


Based on what I could find in the documentation, GitHub issues, and PRs, it seems that the meta property should automatically add the headers, status, and other additional HTTP properties. I'm not sure what I've missed where the response object is completely empty. Is there an additional setting I need to add to the baseQuery?
I should note, that the response data is working properly. I just need the additional information that is returned in the custom header.

        