
# Quarto: `project: type: book`-like project organization, but for articles?

I'm writing a lengthy article using quarto and multiple profiles (think full & short versions), which use different subsets of content provided in individual *.qmd files.
The quarto project type book seems perfect for this, as different book: chapters: * definitions in profile-specific _quarto-<PROFILE>.yml nicely do the job of profile-individual input file selection and produce joined output.
The PDF/LaTeX output, however is distinctly book-like (uses KOMA-Script's scrreprt) and not easily forced towards an article layout - see demonstration code below.
Includes are a way out but distinctly less elegant then in-header input file definition.
Is there currently a way to achieve book-like project organization for articles? Is that on any roadmap? May it be put there?
Demonstration/Solution Attempts

Base line behavior:

Create book project:
SHELL> quarto create-project mybook --type book


Render:
SHELL> cd mybook
SHELL> quarto render --to=pdf


Inspect pdf in _book subdirectory - nice and bookish.



Attempt to force style change by switching to KOMA-Script's scrartcl document class:

Edit _quarto.yml as follows:
format:
  html:
    theme: cosmo
  pdf:
    # documentclass: scrreprt
    documentclass: scrartcl


Render:
SHELL> quarto render --to=pdf


ERROR:
...
compilation failed- error
Undefined control sequence.
<argument> \chapter 
         *{Preface}\label {preface}
l.187 \chapter*{Preface}\label{preface}}


see /tmp/mybook/index.log for more information.

--> chapter is undefined in the context of scrartcl



Setting project: type: default instead of book leads to loss of chapter integration into a single output PDF and all *.qmds are being rendered into individual output files.



        