
# Hiding data number labels from ChartJS Bar Chart

I have been working with ChartJS 3.8 and it works great for the radar chart I developed with it, but the vertical bar chart I made has a problem of writing text on every bar -- and with so much data, the labels are making everything look cluttered. Despite my research, there seem to be more people concerned with actively displaying the annotations/labels than hiding them.

The text below the chart is also cluttered, but I'm more concerned about the text on the bars for the time being.
Following the examples on the ChartJS website and implementing into an ASP.NET Core MVC framework, here is how I configured the vertical bar chart. This example assumes that the input jsonData is a valid JSON-parsed data object. The data is loaded into an HTML canvas, which is referred to here as chartImprovement.
    function loadChart(jsonData)
        var $ImprovementContainer = $('#chartImprovement')

        $.ajax({
            url: "@Url.Action("GetCurrentImprovementChart")",
            method: "POST",
            data: {
                rawModelData: jsonData
            },
            success: function(data) {
                var obj = JSON.parse(data);

                var dataImprovement = {
                    labels: obj.Month,
                    datasets: [
                        {
                            label: 'Sum Score 5S',
                            data: obj.SumScore5S,
                            borderColor: 'rgb(23, 69, 120)',
                            backgroundColor: 'rgb(23, 69, 120)'
                        },
                        {
                            label: 'Sum Score Area Manager',
                            data: obj.SumScoreAM,
                            borderColor: 'rgb(237, 125, 49)',
                            backgroundColor: 'rgb(237, 125, 49)'
                        }
                    ]
                };

                var configImprovement = {
                    type: 'bar',
                    data: dataImprovement,
                    options: {
                        responsive: true,
                        plugins: {
                            legend: {
                                position: 'right',
                            },
                            title: {
                                display: true,
                                text: 'Improvement Chart'
                            }
                        },
                    },
                };

                new Chart(
                    $ImprovementContainer,
                    configImprovement
                );
            }
        });
    }

In .NET Core MVC, the action GetCurrentImprovementChart is handled as such:
    [HttpPost]
    public JsonResult GetCurrentImprovementChart(Model rawModelData)
    {
        ModelState.Clear();
        Model currentModel = rawModelData;
        DataTable dt = new DataTable();
        dt.Columns.Add("Month");
        dt.Columns.Add("SumScore5S");
        dt.Columns.Add("SumScoreAM");

        // The submodel contains the data for SumScore5S and SumScoreAM
        foreach (SubModel submodel in currentModel.SubModels)
        {
            DataRow dr = dt.NewRow();
            // This formats the labels displayed under the chart.
            dr["Month"] = submodel.Month.ToString("MMMM-yyyy");
            if (dt.Columns.Contains("SumScore5S"))
            {
                dr["SumScore5S"] = Math.Round(submodel.SumScore5S, 1);
            }
            if (dt.Columns.Contains("SumScoreAM"))
            {
                dr["SumScoreAM"] = Math.Round(submodel.SumScoreAM, 1);
            }
            dt.Rows.Add(dr);
        }

        return Json(iDataString(dt));
    }

    // This string method is only made to help format the model into a JSON string.
    private string iDataString(DataTable dt)
    {
        string iDataStr = "{";
        for (int i = 0; i < dt.Columns.Count; i++)
        {
            DataColumn dc = dt.Columns[i];
            // Takes the entire row and applies it to columnList.
            List<object> columnList = (from DataRow drr in dt.Rows select drr[dc.ColumnName]).ToList();
            string closingCharGroup = dt.Columns.Count == i + 1 ? "]" : "],";

            iDataStr += "\"" + dc.ColumnName + "\":[";
            for (int j = 0; j < columnList.Count; j++)
            {
                string closingChar = columnList.Count == j + 1 ? "\"" : "\",";
                iDataStr += "\"" + columnList[j].ToString() + closingChar;
            }
            iDataStr += closingCharGroup;
        }
        iDataStr += "}";
        return iDataStr;
    }

I have a feeling that the only thing really wrong here (aside from how ugly the iDataStr method is) is that I'm missing an option somewhere in the chart configuration -- but whatever that option is, I haven't found it. Any help provided will be greatly appreciated!

        