
# Kafka: Throughput of producing to thousands of topics with different message rate

The task is routing messages from a single huge source topic to many (few thousands) destination topics. Overall rate is about few millions of records per second. It barely handles such payload now, and we are looking for a solution to optimise it. However, it does not seem it reached any limit at hardware or network level, so I suppose it can be improved. A latency isn't important (few minutes delay is fine), an average message size is less than 1 KiB.
The most obvious way to increase throughput is to make batch.size and linger.ms larger. But the problem is a different message rate in destination topics: depends on a message destination the rate may vary from few messages per second to hundreds of thousands per second.
As I understand (please, correct me if I'm wrong), but batch.size is per-partition parameter. So, if we set batch.size too big we will go out of memory, because it was multiplied by a number of destination topics even all of them have only one partition. Otherwise, if batch.size will be small, then producer will send requests to broker too often. In each app instance we use a single producer for all destination topics (ProduceRequest can include batches to different topics). The only way to set this parameter different per topic is using a separate producer per topic, but it means thousands of threads and many context switches.
Can we set a minimum size of actual ProduceRequest, i.e. like batch.size, but for overall batches in the request, i.e. something opposite to max.request.size?
Or is there any way to increase throughput of producer?

        