
# Which tsconfig paths should I use for Angular lib projects?

I've been trying to find some guides on how to properly use tsconfig paths for different kinds of projects, but couldn't find any.
I've noticed that an app project has tsconfig paths configured like this:
"@app/*": ["src/*"]

The point of this path config is to import modules and models into files via this notation:
import { Component } from '@app/component'

However, a library project has them configured like this (let's assume c2 uses components from c1):
"@namespace/c1": ["dist/namespace-c1"]
"@namespace/c1/*": ["dist/namespace-c1/*"]
"@namespace/c2": ["dist/namespace-c2"]
"@namespace/c2/*": ["dist/namespace-c2/*"]

The app points to the source code, but the libraries point to the build files. This repo has multiple lib projects that are published independently. My goal is to use paths to make import statements within a lib look less relative (ex: ../component becomes @namespace/c1/component), and to make references to components outside of the lib but within the same workspace/repo.
According to the Angular documentation libraries must be built before they can be used, even in the same workspace.
I have a few questions:

Should libs within the same workspace not depend on each other via paths? Should they use node_modules instead like with any other package?
What happens if I replace the above with:

"@namespace/c1": ["projects/namespace-c1/src/public-api.ts"]
"@namespace/c1/*": ["projects/namespace-c1/src/*"]
"@namespace/c2": ["projects/namespace-c2/src/public-api.ts"]
"@namespace/c2/*": ["projects/namespace-c2/src/*"]

If c2 uses a component from c1, would the build of c2 package the c1 component into c2? Would it do this regardless of whether you point to dist or src of the other library? If yes, is that a good thing?
Links to guides or general clarifications/descriptions regarding paths in a multi-project lib workspace would be very helpful as well.

        