
# Thunderbird IMAP account hangs with OAUTH2 after a while

On my Windows 10 machine, my Thunderbird 102.4.0 IMAP Inbox folder hangs under OAUTH2 authentication method after a few hours of correct behaviour.  Is this an issue of Thunderbird or of the target email server?  How can I fix this?
Details follow.

My Thunderbird is set up with both POP access and IMAP access to the same email account.

Both the POP and IMAP setting for "Server Settings>Security Settings>Authentication method" is set to "OAUTH2".

CONNECTION SECURITY is "SSL/TLS".

When I first start Thunderbird, the IMAP account works fine.  I can see the emails coming in.

After a few hours (I don't know how long, I didn't time it, but feels like 2 or 3 hours), when I click on INBOX in the IMAP account, the mouse pointer becomes the hourglass and no email can be seen.

However, the POP account works fine.  When I go to the POP account and press F5 to retrieve email, the emails come in okay.

This IMAP issue goes away each time I close and restart Thunderbird.

Then the above problem with the IMAP account happens again.

I had to switch from NORMAL PASSWORD setting to OAUTH2 because my org's email provider will soon stop supporting anything other than OAUTH2.

For now, if I use NORMAL PASSWORD authentication method (while it works), the aforementioned issue goes away.

Any clues anyone?  This issue is annoying.


My relevant settings from the "Troubleshooting Info" section is in the screenshot here
(irrelevant info redacted)
The expected behaviour is: Thunderbird should show my emails under the IMAP account even after a few hours.

        