
# I am having trouble working with Json in python3

This is the error I get.
if usr_input in json.load(open("main_file.json")):  # open("main_file.json", "r")
                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

File "/Users/fore/.pyenv/versions/3.11.0rc2/lib/python3.11/json/init.py", line 293, in load
return loads(fp.read(),
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
File "/Users/fore/.pyenv/versions/3.11.0rc2/lib/python3.11/json/init.py", line 346, in loads
return _default_decoder.decode(s)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
File "/Users/fore/.pyenv/versions/3.11.0rc2/lib/python3.11/json/decoder.py", line 337, in decode
obj, end = self.raw_decode(s, idx=_w(s, 0).end())
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
File "/Users/fore/.pyenv/versions/3.11.0rc2/lib/python3.11/json/decoder.py", line 355, in raw_decode
raise JSONDecodeError("Expecting value", s, err.value) from None
json.decoder.JSONDecodeError: Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)
I do not know why I get this error. I work in Pycharm, which should tell me if I have an error, but it does not. I assume this is because this error is caused by the Json module. If anyone can show me how to fix the problem and avoid it in the future, I will be very appreciative.
Here is the full file.
import json

# Do not enter parenthesis with the username-password set!


def greet_User():
    usr_input = input("Enter username and password with a colon between - (username:password): ")
    usr_input = str(usr_input).strip("'<>() ").replace('\'', '\"')
    try:
        # Login user
        if usr_input in json.load(open("main_file.json")):  # open("main_file.json", "r")
            # Split the username from the password and welcome them
            print(f"Logging in...\nWelcome {usr_input.split(':')[0]}.")
        elif usr_input not in json.load(open("main_file.json")):
            print("Adding to database")
            # Add the username to the file if it is not found
            with open("main_file.json", "a"):
                json.dumps(usr_input)
                print("Restarting program")
                print("...")
                print("...")
            # Call function again to login the user.


    except FileNotFoundError:
        print("File not Found")
        print("Creating file")
        # Write a new file if one does not exist.
        with open("main_file.json", "w"):
            json.dumps(usr_input)
            print("Restarting program")
            print("...")
            print("...")
            # Call function again to login the user.


greet_User()


I tried to decode the json file "main_file.json", but this did not seem to be the error. But, I could be completely wrong. This is my first time working with json on this large/complicated of a scale.

        