
# OnvalidSubmit fires and EditContext.Validate() returns true even though my model is intentionally invalid

In my Blazor Server App project, I have an EditForm which includes my EditContext and OnValidSubmit method.
<EditForm EditContext="@EditContext" OnValidSubmit="@UpdateProject"> 
I declare and initialize my EditContext as follows:
private EditContext EditContext;

    protected override async Task OnInitializedAsync()
    {
        EditContext = new(supplementedProjectModel);
    }

and my model:
    SupplementedProjectModel supplementedProjectModel = new();


When I submit my model with my submit button
        <button type="submit" class="btn button-primary">Spara</button>


it fires the OnValidSubmit event EVEN THOUGH my model is intentionally invalid with empty inputs where my model contains
[Required]

attributes. Why?
My second issue is inside the OnValidSubmit method, the EditContext.Validate() ALWAYS return true. Why is that?
protected async Task UpdateProject()
    {
bool IsValid = EditContext.Validate();
        EditContext = new(supplementedProjectModel);
        bool isreallyvalid = EditContext.Validate();
        if (IsValid)
        {
// UPDATE MODEL
}
}

I have tried with all these annotation validators and CLEARLY see my errors when I run the project and input invalid data.
@*<ObjectGraphDataAnnotationsValidator />*@
    <DataAnnotationsValidator />
    <ValidationSummary />

Within my UpdateProject method, should my EditContext be populated with the current model values or not? I would assume so but could not find anything therefore I test the Validate method before and after initializing it again.
Thanks for reading!

        