
# Variables in mysql initialized with string datatype

In Mysql, user variables are taking string values when declared inside select statement.
I have a table named 'a' with one column named 'amount' as shown below




amount




100


1000


1000


111115000000062760


111115000000062765


111115000000062770


111115000000062775


111115000000062780




Consider that I want to display null for amount values that are repeating in this table in the inserted order.
I've written the below query to achieve the same :

select CASE  WHEN  (@x != amount)  THEN amount END result, CASE WHEN  ((@x) != amount)  THEN @x:=amount END dummy from (select amount, @x:=0  x from a) q;

I'm creating a variable named '@x' in innermost query with default value as 0.  When processing each row, I'm taking that row's 'amount' value and setting in the variable. Hence, in next row, I'll use the variable to hold previous row's data.
Using current and previous amount values, I'll only show the data that differ.
problem :
When I execute the query, I got the below output :

This is wrong as only 3rd row must have NULL values. 5th and 6th rows must have values. But, When I execute the query again, I got the below output :

This is the correct result. When subsequently executing the query, it always works fine. Only when it is executed for the first time after connecting to DB, this issue occurs.
Debugging :
I've tried setting @x's value before executing the query and it works fine. But, I want to know why it wouldn't work if I set it inside the select query.
I tried printing @x's values in the query and the only difference between the first query result and subsequent query results is alignment of @x's values.  I think @x is considered as a string (as it is left aligned) in the first query.  Hence, it breaks when comparing with certain bigint values.

When checking the documentation, it is mentioned that referring to a variable that has not been initialized will be taken as 'string'

If you refer to a variable that has not been initialized, it has a value of NULL and a type of string.

I believe this is what's happening here. After first query, the variable probably got declared with 'integer' type which made it work in subsequent queryies.
Is it not possible to provide the variable's datatype inside select statement? Kindly advise.

        