
# How do you create a foreign key relationship in EF Core to a column that isn't the primary key but already has a foreign key relationship?


We've migrated away from using an incrementing ID column on the User table to generating the IDs in the Resource table and then a foreign key relationship to it.
We use the Code-First EF approach to generate migration scripts and the subsequent DB schema. At the moment we're trying to create a foreign key relationship between User Invite and User on the ResourceId. Not matter which way I try this, it ends up with EF creating a shadow foreign key property called ResourceId1 on the User table.
The foreign key property 'User.ResourceId1' was created in shadow state because a conflicting property with the simple name 'ResourceId' exists in the entity type, but is either not mapped, is already used for another relationship, or is incompatible with the associated primary key type.

You can create this kind of foreign key relationship inside SSMS without issue, but I can't find a way to do it via code-first.

Fluent API
public class UserInvite
{
    public int Id { get; set; }
    public int? UserResourceId { get; set; }

    public User? User { get; set; }
}

Tried both directions (separately)
modelBuilder.Entity<UserInvite>().HasOne(ui => ui.User).WithMany(u => u.UserInvites).HasPrincipalKey(u => u.ResourceId);
modelBuilder.Entity<User>().HasMany(u => u.UserInvites).WithOne(ui => ui.User).HasPrincipalKey(u => u.ResourceId);


Modify Migration Script
Modifying the migration script ends up confusing EF when you attempt insert a record, I'm guessing it's expecting the User.Id column to be the foreign key principal column.
public class Test
{
    public int Id { get; set; }
    public int? UserResourceId { get; set; }

    [ForeignKey(nameof(UserResourceId))]
    public User? User { get; set; }
}

principalColumn has been changed from Id to ResourceId.
migrationBuilder.CreateTable(
    name: "UserInvite",
    columns: table => new
    {
        Id = table.Column<int>(type: "int", nullable: false)
            .Annotation("SqlServer:Identity", "1, 1"),
        UserResourceId = table.Column<int>(type: "int", nullable: true)
    },
    constraints: table =>
    {
        table.PrimaryKey("PK_Tests", x => x.Id);
        table.ForeignKey(
            name: "FK_Tests_Users_UserResourceId",
            column: x => x.UserResourceId,
            principalTable: "Users",
            principalColumn: "ResourceId");
    });


        