
# C program not scanning input correctly when cycle gets too big

I'm trying to code a memory game to get better with my C programming skills, but I'm now facing a run time error and I really have no clue how to fix it.
These are the game rules: "
Simple Simon is a memory-test game. In this game, the
computer displays a sequence of digits on the screen for a short period of
time.
You then have to memorize them, and when the digits disappear from the
screen, you must enter the same sequence of digits. When you
succeed 3 times in a row, the process repeats with a longer sequence of digits for you to try.
The objective is to continue the process for as long as possible "
The game starts with a 3 digit sequence and it runs smoothly till it gets to a sequence of 5 digits. At this point, in the block that confront the user input (guessedNumArr[]) with the sequence to guess (numToGuess[]), it changes the number of numToGuess[] at index [0]. This change that I really can not explain to myself makes the user automatically lose the game.
This is the code:
`
#include <stdio.h>
#include "stdbool.h"
#include "time.h"
#include "stdlib.h"
#include "ctype.h"
int main() {
    //declaring variables
    bool play = true;
    time_t now;
    int try=1, anotherGame, difficulty=5, numToGuess[difficulty];
    int count=0, guessedNum, guessedNumArr[difficulty], singleScore=0, totalScore=0;

    //initializing the game
    puts("\nSimple Simon is a memory-test game. In this game, the\n"
         "computer displays a sequence of digits on the screen for a short period of time.\n"
         "You then have to memorize them, and when the digits disappear from the screen,\n"
         "you must enter exactly the same sequence of digits. "
         "Each time you succeed 3 times in a row, the process repeats with a longer sequence of digits for you to try.\n"
         "The objective is to continue the process for as long as possible\n"
         "Press enter to play");
    scanf("%c", &anotherGame);

    do {
        qui:;
        const unsigned int DELAY = 2;
        //Creating the array of nums to guess
            srand(time(NULL));
            for (int i = 0; i < difficulty; i++) {
                int casualNum = rand()%10;
                numToGuess[i] = casualNum;
                printf("%d   ", numToGuess[i]);
            }

                //hiding the nums to guess
                now=clock();
                for (; clock() - now < DELAY * CLOCKS_PER_SEC;);
                puts("\n");

            //scanning player guessed nums
            for (int k = 0; k < difficulty; k++) {
                if (k < 1) {
                    puts("Try to enter the same exact sequence of numbers, remember to put a space in between the numbers:\n");
                }
                scanf("%u", &guessedNum);
                guessedNumArr[k] = guessedNum;
            }

            //counting how much nums player guessed correctly
            for (int j = 0; j < difficulty; j++) {
                /* this two prinf() show where the error is, as you can see the program will change the element of numToGuess[0] and i really don't know why */
                printf("%d --- ", guessedNumArr[j]);
                printf("%d\n", numToGuess[j]);
                if (guessedNumArr[j] == numToGuess[j]) {
                    ++count;
                }
            }
            ++try;

            //scoring a point if player guessed all nums and detecting if player lost the game
            if (count == difficulty) {
                singleScore++;
                totalScore++;
                count = 0;
                if(singleScore<3){
                    goto qui;
                }
            } else {
                char Y_N;
                printf("sorry, you lost. You reached a score of: %d.\nDo you want to play again? Y or N\n", totalScore);
                bool i = true;
                while (i == true) {
                    scanf("%s", &Y_N);
                    if (tolower(Y_N) == 'y') {
                        try = 0;
                        totalScore=0;
                        singleScore=0;
                        difficulty=3;
                        count = 0;
                        i = false;
                        goto jump;
                    } else if (tolower(Y_N) == 'n') {
                        printf("Game ended");
                        play = false;
                        i = false;
                        goto jump;
                    } else {
                        printf("say whaaat?, plz tell me 'Y' or 'N'");
                    }
                }
            }
        //
        singleScore = 0;
        int gotItwrong=0;
        here:;
        char yOrN;
        if(gotItwrong==0){puts("You guessed correctly 3 times in a row, enter a 'Y' to keep playing or enter a 'N' to stop the game\n");}
        scanf("%s", &yOrN);

        if (tolower(yOrN) == 'y') {
            difficulty++;
            count = 0;
        } else if (tolower(yOrN) == 'n') {
            printf("Game ended, your score was: %d", totalScore);
            play = false;
        } else {
            printf("say what?, plz tell me 'Y' or 'N'");
            ++gotItwrong;
            goto here;
        }
        jump:;
    }while(play==true);

    return 0;
}

`

        