
# PHP/MySQL select answer from table B where ID matches table A [closed]







Closed. This question needs details or clarity. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










Want to improve this question? Add details and clarify the problem by editing this post.


Closed 3 hours ago.


This post was edited and submitted for review 49 mins ago.





                        Improve this question
                    



I have two dimension tables for a quiz that have a one-to-many relationship. One with questions (called [questions] with unique on the "question" column), and the other with question answers and question key (called [question_answers] with non-unique "question" column).. and now I want to lookup the "identifier" from the [question_answers] table and join it with the questions table, then output it on a webpage with PHP.
Example data (tables and desired output):
EDIT: the tables below does not seem to show up when posted, only in the edit preview, so adding an image too:

**[questions] table:**
| question | question_text | question_hint |
| -------- | -------------- | -------------- |
| 1    | What is the answer to this, first question?            | It is the answer that makes sense for question 1 |
| 2   | What is the answer to this, second question?            | It is the answer that makes sense for question 2 |

**[question_answers] table:**
| question | identifier | answer_text | is_correct |
| -------- | -------------- | -------------- | -------------- |
| 1    | A | Alternative 1 | 1 |
| 1   | B | Alternative 2 | 0 |
| 1   | C | Alternative 3 | 0 |
| 1   | D | Alternative 4 | 0 |
| 2    | A | Alternative 1 | 0 |
| 2   | B | Alternative 2 | 0 |
| 2   | C | Alternative 3 | 2 |
| 2   | D | Alternative 4 | 0 |

**Desired output:**
| question_text | question_hint | correct_answer |
| -------------- | -------------- | -------------- |
| What is the answer to this, first question?            | It is the answer that makes sense for question 1 | A |
| What is the answer to this, second question?            | It is the answer that makes sense for question 2 | C |

I manage to output anything from either of the tables, for example from the [questions] table, like so:
    $questions_query = "SELECT * FROM `questions`";
    $questions = $databaseConnection->query($questions_query);

    foreach($questions AS $question) {
        echo "<p><strong>Question: </strong>" . 
        $question["question_text"] . 
        "</br><strong>Description: </strong><i>" . 
        $question["question_description"];
    }

I cannot for the life of me figure out how to do the lookup so that my $questions_query or $questions variable contain the desired output table (i.e. the 'question_text' and 'question_description' column from the [questions] table, and the 'identifier' column from the [question_answers] table (if the column 'is_correct' in [question_answers] is 1/true)
I tried adding the following, although it is clearly missing a "Where" statement somewhere, and I do not know how to incorporate it into the foreach loop:
$answer = "SELECT is_correct
    FROM `question_answers`
    INNER JOIN `questions`
    ON `questions`.question = `question_answers`.question";

If I just change the query to point to the [question_answers] table and the 'is_correct' column, I will of course just get an iterate of all the 8 lines in that table..

        