
# Latent class growth modelling in R/flexmix with multinomial outcome variable

How to run Latent Class Growth Modelling (LCGM) with a multinomial response variable in R (using the flexmix package)?
The idea is to let gender shape the growth curve by cluster: gender should stratify each class in half. (cf. Mikolai and Lyons-Amos (2017, p. 194/3) where the stratification is done by education. They used Mplus)
I think I might have come close with the following syntax:
lcgm_formula <- as.formula(rel_stat~age + I(age^2) + gender + gender:age)
lcgm <- flexmix::stepFlexmix(.~ .| id,
                         data=d,
                         k=nr_of_classes,       # would be 1:12 in real analysis
                         nrep=1,                # would be 50 in real analysis to avoid local maxima
                         control = list(iter.max = 500, minprior = 0),
                         model = flexmix::FLXMRmultinom(lcgm_formula,varFix=T,fixed = ~0))

,which is close to what Wardenaar (2020,p. 10) suggests in his methodological paper for a continuous outcome:
stepFlexmix(.~ .|ID, k = 1:4,nrep = 50, model = FLXMRglmfix(y~ time, varFix=TRUE), data = mydata, control = list(iter.max = 500, minprior = 0)) 

The only difference is that the FLXMRmultinom probably does not support varFix and fixed parameters, altough adding them do produce different results. The binomial equivalent for FLXMRmultinom in flexmix might be FLXMRglm (with family="binomial") as opposed FLXMRglmfix so I suspect that the restrictions of the LCGM (eg. fixed slope & intercept per class) are not specified they way it should.
The results are otherwise sensible, but model fails to put men and women with similar trajectories in the same classes:

We should have the following matches by cluster and gender...
1<->1
2<->2
3<->3

...but instead we have
1<->3
2<->1
3<->2

Here is the full MVE to reproduce the code.
Got similar results with another dataset. Have tried two alternative ways to predict the probabilities, with identical results. I conclude that the problem is most likely in the model specification (stepflexmix(...,model=FLXMRmultinom(...).
Any assistance will be highly appreciated.

        