
# EF Core - Why does compiling my Linq expression slow down the execution?

I was reading this article about compiling Linq expressions to improve query performance, and wanted to try it out.
I started a console application project and scaffolded up three classes from an existing database. I tried running the following code...
using var ctx = new SalesTrackerContext();
Console.WriteLine("\n\nRegular Where clause:");
for (int i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
  Stopwatch sw = Stopwatch.StartNew();
  var systems = ctx.Systems
    .Include(s => s.SupportTickets)
    .ThenInclude(st => st.SupportTicketNotes)
    .Where(s => s.Active ?? false)
    .ToList();
  Console.WriteLine($"Got {systems.Count} systems in {sw.ElapsedMilliseconds}ms");
}

Runing in Release mode, this gave me execution times of 2500ms, 500ms and 500ms (on average). This is consistent with what I've seen for years, that the first hit to the database incurs a performance hit, and after that it's quicker. This is (presumably) because the first time it's executed, the expression needs to be compiled and translated into SQL.
I then added the following...
var systemsExpr = s => s.Active ?? false;

...and changed the Where clause to take this uncompiled expression. Not surprisingly, the results were exactly the same.
I then compiled the expression...
var compiled = systemsExpr.Compile();

...and used the compiled expression in the Where clause.
To my surprise, the results were exactly the same again.
I'm sure I'm doing something obviously wrong here, but why doesn't my compiled expression run any faster? The impression I got from that article was that compiling the expression should make it execute more quickly.

        