
# How to resolve conflict between two nuget packages that have the same name

I am using both ExcelDataReader.Mapping - 2.2.2 and ExcelMapper - 5.2.429 nuget packages in a project. I know it seems redundant, however, one of these projects gives a little more flexibility that I need when reading excel files.  It seems there is some conflict between namespaces and classes between these two projects.  To fix that, I have ExcelDataReader.Mapping aliased as ExcelReader and ExcelMapper as ExcelWriter. This worked briefly, but now I am running into another issue.
I get the following message on build of the project: warning MSB3243: No way to resolve conflict between "ExcelMapper, Version=5.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=6c3f2bec99465df3" and "ExcelMapper, Version=1.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=null". Choosing "ExcelMapper, Version=5.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=6c3f2bec99465df3" arbitrarily.
Using the diagnostic build, I also see this error: Encountered conflict between 'Runtime:C:..\.nuget\packages\exceldatareader.mapping\2.2.2\lib\netstandard2.0\ExcelMapper.dll' and 'Runtime:C:..\.nuget\packages\excelmapper\5.2.429\lib\netstandard2.0\ExcelMapper.dll'. Choosing 'Runtime:C:..\.nuget\packages\excelmapper\5.2.429\lib\netstandard2.0\ExcelMapper.dll' because AssemblyVersion '5.0.0.0' is greater than '1.0.0.0'.
It appears they are using the same name for the .dll file, so it is causing some confusion as to which one it should use.  Is there a way to change the .dll file name when installing packages?  Or some way to register a full path when referencing the .dll file?

        