
# Im trying to take a date from 1 sheet and find it on another sheet and move data from 6 cells of sheet 1 to the adjacent cells of the matching date

Run time error 438:  Object doesn't support this property or method.  I thought the format may have been a problem on the INPUT SHEET, but everything matches between sheets.  The task is for the VBA to look at MyDate (A1), and 6 cell values on the INPUT SHEET (A4:F4).  Then look at OUTPUT88 sheet for the same date and copy the data to the columns adjacent to the matching date (b,c,d,e,f,g).  Its not pretty, but I thought it should work.  There is most likely a more elegant way, but I am not there yet.. :)  Thank you for any help with this.


This is what I have tried so far.
Sub INPUT_CLICK()
Dim MyDate As Date 
Dim MyDatal As String 
Dim MyData2 As String 
Dim MyData3 As String 
Dim MyData4 As String 
Dim MyData5 As String 
Dim MyData6 As String 
Dim x As Integer

MyDate = Date -1 
MyDatal = Worksheets("INPUT").Cells(4, 1).Value 
MyData2 = Worksheets("INPUT").Cells(4, 2).Value 
MyData3 = Worksheets("INPUT").Cells(4, 3).Value 
MyData4 = Worksheets("INPUT").Cells(4, 4).Value 
MyData5 = Worksheets("INPUT").Cells(4, 5).Value 
MyData6 = Worksheets("INPUT").Cells(4, 6).Value 
X = 1

*** This is the line that is giving me the error.  I am trying to make 
it look at the Date Column on OUTPUT88 Sheet (A2, A3, A4, etc. and 
Compare it to the current date of the INPUT sheet (A1) until the 
dates match and exit loop.***
While Sheets("OUTPUT88").Cells(x, 1).Value <> 
Sheets("INPUT").Value(MyDate)
X = X + 1 
Wend

*** If it could make it this far I wanted to replace the data from the 
Input Sheet to the locations on the OUTPUT88 sheet adjacent to the 
matching date found.*** 
Sheets("OUTPUT88").Cells(2, x).Value = Sheets("INPUT").Cells(MyDatal) 
Sheets("OUTPUT88").Cells(2, x + 1).Value = 
Sheets("INPUT").Cells(MyData2) 
Sheets("OUTPUT88").Cells(2, x + 2).Value = 
Sheets("INPUT").Cells(MyData3) 
Sheets("OUTPUT88").Cells(2, x + 3).Value = 
Sheets("INPUT").Cells(MyData4) 
Sheets("OUTPUT88").Cells(2, x + 4).Value = 
Sheets("INPUT").Cells(MyData5) 
Sheets("OUTPUT88").Cells(2, x + 5).Value = 
Sheets("INPUT").Cells(MyData6)

End Sub 


        