
# Sending an e-mail after modifying a cell and saving the document in VBA

I've been trying to write a macro in VBA to send an e-mail to the users of the excel after the document has been edited and saved. To make it clear let's say Person 1 edited the document by changing cell C4 and F6 etc. After Person 1 clicked save I want this macro to trigger and send an e-mail to every user that use this document so there won't be any need for anyone to write or say everyone what they changed. I am a mechanical engineer and have no background in coding. I managed the part where macro triggers after document has been saved which is the easy part but I can't add which cell(s) edited in the mail body. Here is what I did. I am looking for your help.
Note: The code is in display rn bcs I dont want to get useless mails just to try if it works or not.
Public Sub Workbook_BeforeSave(ByVal SaveAsUI As Boolean, Cancel As Boolean)
    
    Call Send_Email

End Sub
Public Sub Send_Email()
    
    Dim username As Namespace
    Dim olMail As MailItem
    
    Set username = GetNamespace("MAPI")
    Set olMail = CreateItem(olMailItem)
    
    With olMail
        
        .Subject = "Excel File " & ThisWorkbook.Name & " Modified by " & Application.username
        .To = "***@***.com; "
        .Body = "Excel file " & ThisWorkbook.FullName & " at" & " was modified by " & Application.username & " on " & Format(Now(), "mm-dd-yyyy") & " at " & Format(Now(), "hh:mm:ss AM/PM") & "."
        .SendUsingAccount = username.Accounts.Item(1)
        .Display

    End With
    
    Set olMail = Nothing
    Set username = Nothing
    
End Sub



        