
# Adding data from a form written in vue.js to a Django model

I am building a (relatively simple) booking system for a website using Django. The frontend of the website is written in Vue.js in a single-page format. I need one form that user fills to reserve a given room at a given datetime. Initially, I wanted to create the form myself using Django ModelForms but found it might be hard for the front-end to style it later on.
Hence, I'm considering letting the front-end create the form but the question is how do I get the data from that form and input it in my Django model so it appears in the SQLite database. The form should also communicate with my database so the user can book only available timeslots.
I am quite new to all this and a bit confused on how to proceed. Any tips or guidance will be very much appreciated.
For now I have Reservation model that should be fiiled with data when form is submitted:
class Reservation(models.Model):
    room=models.ForeignKey(Room, on_delete=models.CASCADE)
    time_slot= models.ForeignKey(TimeSlot, on_delete=models.CASCADE)
    first_name=models.CharField(max_length=255)
    last_name=models.CharField(max_length=255)
    number_of_ppl=models.IntegerField()
    email= models.EmailField(max_length=255)
    phone_number=models.CharField(max_length=50)
    invoice=models.BooleanField(default=False)
    comments=models.CharField(max_length=255)

time_slot references TimeSlot model which contains a datetime linked to a particular room.

        