
# Python add secondary axis in line with primary axis ticks

Hello i have a program that reads in a fits file and creates an image plot with the y pixel and x pixel axis. This works as expected. However when I try to add a secondary axis to convert the x pixel into nanometers I get an unexpected result. Heres the code and an image so you can get a better idea.

Here is the code that creates that image.
cofa = -0.244
cofb = 655.27
def tick_function_for_wavelength_in_nanometers(X):
lambDDa = cofA*X +cofB
return lambDDa

def wavelengthCalibration(file):

##########show arc specrtum in nm

hg_ = fits.open(file)
hg_data_array = hg_[0].data
hg_data_array = hg_data_array - masterbias
new_tick_locations = np.array([200,400,600,800,1000,1200])

fig3 = plt.figure("Figure 4 - Arc spectrum with nanometers")
ax1 = fig3.add_subplot()
ax1.set_ylabel("Y Pixel")
ax1.set_xlabel("Nanometer")
xxx = np.array([tick_function_for_wavelength_in_nanometers(200),tick_function_for_wavelength_in_nanometers(400),tick_function_for_wavelength_in_nanometers(600),tick_function_for_wavelength_in_nanometers(800),tick_function_for_wavelength_in_nanometers(1000),tick_function_for_wavelength_in_nanometers(1200),])
ax1.set_xticks(xxx)

ax2 = ax1.twiny()
ax2.set_xlabel("X Pixel")

plt.title('Mercury Arc Spectrum in Nanometers')
plt.imshow(hg_data_array)
plt.colorbar()



plt.show()

return

What I intend to happen here is for the secondary x axis (that currently just reads 0) to have 6 ticks inline with the 'x-pixel' ticks so that the tick in line with 200 would be tick_function_for_wavelength_in_nanometers(200) and so on up until 1200. I am not sure what I am missing to achieve this. Thanks for any help.

        