
# How to validate exact value of "true" and "false" accurately in Java using regular expression?

I need to give success as output only if the user gives the input as true or false. Anything other than that should show error. I have used Regex in order to do that. But some of the scenarios are not getting validated as per the requirement.
I have used Regex to check if the acceptance value given by the user is true or false. Anything other than true or false should show an error. If the user gives null value then also it should show error.
My code -
``
...
public static Boolean isValidAcceptanceField(String acceptanceValue){
Boolean flag= false;
if(acceptanceValue!=null && (acceptanceValue.matches(".*true.*") || acceptanceValue.matches(".*false*."))){
 flag=true;
}
return flag;
}`
....

a)This code is validating perfectly the following scenarios-
acceptanceValue    Output
null               error
trrrrue            error
truuuuue           error
peter              error
faaalse            error
falllse            error
fal#se             error
Here for the scenarios written in a) section the requirement is to get "success" as output and it is working fine.
b)This code is not validating the following scenarios-
acceptanceValue    Output
tttrue             Success
trueeee            Success
ffffalse           Success
falseee            Success
true#              Success
Here for the scenarios written in b) section the requirement is get "error" as output but it is giving success.So is not working fine.
It seems like the code is not validating the value if the typing mistake is being done at the beginning or the end of the acceptance field.
What Regex should I use to validate true and false perfectly in all the scenarios?

        