
# String Subscript out of range when running the code [closed]







Closed. This question is not reproducible or was caused by typos. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question was caused by a typo or a problem that can no longer be reproduced. While similar questions may be on-topic here, this one was resolved in a way less likely to help future readers.


Closed 4 mins ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



whenever I try to execute this code, I always get the message String Subscript out of range.I know it has something to do with the size of the arrays, but I don't know how to fix it.
The code is meant to be a game of hangman.
#include <iostream>
#include <string>
#include <algorithm>

using namespace std;



string askWord() {
    string playerInput;
    cout << "Entrez un mot en francais : ";
    cin >> playerInput;
    return playerInput;
}

int checkWord(string x, int y) {
    for (int i = 0; i < y; i++) {
        if (isalpha(x[i]) == 0) return 0;
    }
    return 1;
}


string coutUser(int j) {
    string underscoreOutput;
    for (int i = 0; i < j; i++) {
        underscoreOutput += "_ ";
    }
    return underscoreOutput;
}

char askLetter() {
    char playerInput;
        cout << "Entrez une lettre : ";
        cin >> playerInput;
        if (isalpha(playerInput) == 0)  askLetter();
        else return playerInput;
}



int main() {
    int taille = 0;
    int checkResult = 0;
    string underscore ;
    string hiddenWord ;
    
    do {
        string hiddenWord = askWord();
        taille = hiddenWord.size();
        checkResult = checkWord(hiddenWord, taille);
        system("cls");
    } while (checkResult != 1);
    underscore = coutUser(taille);
    cout << underscore << endl;
    int HP = 10;
    cout << taille << endl;
    do {
        cout << "HP = " << HP << endl;
        char letter = askLetter();
        for (int i = 0; i < taille ; i++)
            if (letter = hiddenWord[i]) {
                underscore[i] = letter;
            }
            else HP--;
        cout << underscore << endl;
    } while (underscore != hiddenWord && HP !=0);
    if (underscore == hiddenWord) cout << "Vous avez gagné";
    else cout << "Vous avez perdu";



    return 0;
}




What it should do is check if the letter is in the word, and then replace it in the underscored version.

        