
# AgGrid selectors always return null / no elements even when table correctly renders

I have an ag grid:
<app-my-component>
  <ag-grid-angular
    [gridOptions]="gridOptions"
    (gridReady)="setGridReady()">
  </ag-grid-angular>
</app-my-component>

And in my Karma-Jasmine tests, I am testing that the table renders on the page:
it('Should render data table', async(() => { 

  // Wait for ag grid to render rows
  fixture.detectChanges();

  fixture.whenStable().then(() => {
    const agGrid = element.query(By.css('ag-grid-angular'));
    expect(agGrid).toBeTruthy();
  });

}));

So far so good. everything works. I can see the table rendered on the page on chrome when karma runs (I haven't removed the element in afterEach so I can debug)
Now, I'm trying to test that the number of rows match the mockData that I've got. I can see the three rows that's rendered on the page.
it('Should display all three rows from mock data', async(() => {

  // Wait for ag grid to render rows
  fixture.detectChanges();

  fixture.whenStable().then(() => {
    let rows = element.queryAll(By.css('.my-custom-class'));
    expect(rows.length).toBe(3);
  });

}));

This test, however, fails. .my-custom-class selector always seems to return null. No worries, maybe I'm mistyping the class or something, or so I thought.
I opened up the developer console and typed in $('.my-custom-class'). To my surprise, this returns null as well!
If I try to select any cell value elements with $('.ag-cell-value'), that's null as well.
But I can see all the data and the table on the page! so I right click on the table and inspect element > check for the class...
and try $('.my-custom-class') - Now it returns 3 elements! $('.ag-cell-value') works as expected as well!
What's happening here? Why can't I select the elements with css selector before I expand the DOM in html, and more importantly,
how do I select and test for my three rows in my unit test please?

        