
# Create a program based on the following illustration: (Using Compound IF) [closed]







Closed. This question needs to be more focused. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










Want to improve this question? Update the question so it focuses on one problem only by editing this post.


Closed 2 hours ago.







                        Improve this question
                    




Create a program based on the following illustration: (Using Compound
IF) The government provides subsidies for education costs to all
residents with the amount of different for each child every month,
which is only given to all families with children school age (6-17
years). For underprivileged families, the subsidy is 700 thousand per
month plus social assistance of 400 thousand per month. Family size
can't be seen of income and the amount of electricity consumption each
month. The  family is said to be underprivileged if the income is less
than 2 million per month and the electricity consumption is less than
100 thousand per month. If income >= 2 million and electricity
consumption >= 100 thousand, the subsidy will be 300 thousand per
month plus social assistance of 200 thousand per month. If income > 2
million and electricity consumption <100 thousand, the subsidy becomes
100 thousand per month plus social assistance of 100 thousand per
month. If income <= 2 million and electricity consumption >= 100
thousand, the subsidy becomes 100 thousand per month plus social
assistance of 100 thousand per month month

I need the source code program

        