
# R "recipes" package problems binary version

I did a principal component analysis in R by using the "recipes" package. Then I wanted to try a sparse PCA by the "MachineShop" package.It asked me:

Do you want to install from sources the package which needs
compilation? (Yes/no/cancel)

And I clicked "y". I found out thatthis was a mistake. I removed the "MachineShop" package, but since then the "recipe" package is not working anymore. I tried to remove it and install it again, but I am getting the following message:

install.packages('recipes')
Installing package into ‘C:/Users/XXX/Documents/R/win-library/4.1’ (as ‘lib’ is unspecified)
There is a binary version available but the source version is later:
binary source needs_compilation recipes  1.0.1  1.0.2             FALSE
installing the source package ‘recipes’
trying URL 'https://cran.rstudio.com/src/contrib/recipes_1.0.2.tar.gz'
Content type 'application/x-gzip' length 662534 bytes (647 KB)
downloaded 647 KB

installing source package 'recipes' ...
** package 'recipes' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
** using staged installation
** R
** inst
** byte-compile and prepare package for lazy loading
Error in loadNamespace(j <- i[[1L]], c(lib.loc, .libPaths()), versionCheck =
vI[[j]]) :    namespace 'tibble' 3.1.6 is already loaded, but >= 3.1.7
is required Calls:  ... namespaceImportFrom -> asNamespace
-> loadNamespace Execution halted ERROR: lazy loading failed for package 'recipes'
removing 'C:/Users/XXX/Documents/R/win-library/4.1/recipes' Warning in install.packages :   installation of package ‘recipes’ had non-zero
exit status

The downloaded source packages are in
‘C:\Users\XXX\AppData\Local\Temp\RtmpURFIDa\downloaded_packages’

The question regarding the source package did noit occur again. How can I get running the "recipes" package as before? In the error message it is mentioned to update other packes, but before everything was working fine. I tried to install version 1.0.1 , but it still did not work.

        