
# EF Core applies only one migration at a time

I'm currently exploring the matter of running SQL Server Express for my integration tests as a docker container and ran into a strange issue: DbContext.Database.Migrate() would only apply one migration at a time.
My Setup

Ancient MacBook Pro (2011), running macOS 10.14.6
.NET 6.0 (6.0.201)
EF Core with the SQL Server package (each 6.0.6)

The issue
I wrote some tests but currently, while evaluating my issue, I only ever run one of them via
dotnet test

from the terminal. My planned test setup was (basically)

Spin up a new docker container
Migrate
Run the tests
Remove the container

At the moment (for troubleshooting) I'm not removing the container, but keep it alive. My setup code is at the moment (made quite some changes to resolve my issue)
var docker = Process.Start("docker", "run -e \"ACCEPT_EULA=Y\" -e \"MSSQL_SA_PASSWORD=<password>\" -e \"MSSQL_PID=Express\" -p 60001:1433 --name sql_test -d mcr.microsoft.com/mssql/server:2019-latest");
docker.WaitForExit();
_rawDbAccess.WaitForConnection(); // Waits until I can connect to the database successfully
_componentUnderTest.Database.Migrate();

Since I got strange errors that led me to think that not all migrations were applied, I investigated that matter and found out that this code actually did not applied all migrations on the new database, but only the oldest, meaning that my database is not migrated to the latest database until I ran the tests three times (since I do not removing the container anymore). I.e. my tests fail twice (since the database is not up to date) and then pass. Afaik Migrate should apply all migrations, not only the oldest one, right?
Things I tried to do to resolve my issue:

Tried to call Migrate three times, once for each of my migrations
Tried to call Migrate as long as GetPendingMigrations() yielded any migrations
Switched to the latest SQL Server
Tried to use MigrateAsync instead

I'm really irritated because this behavior is so different to what it's supposed to be. If migrating the DB failed I'd expect an Exception to be thrown and not to fail silently. And if it's not some kind of failure the behavior of Migrate is so different to what it is supposed to be.

        