
# How can one write a multi-dimensional vector of image data to an output file?

Question:
Is there a good way to write a 3D float vector of size (9000,9000,4) to an output file in C++?
My C++ program generates a 9000x9000 image matrix with 4 color values (R, G, B, A) for each pixel. I need to save this data as an output file to be read into a numpy.array() (or similar) using python at a later time. Each color value is saved as a float (can be larger than 1.0) which will be normalized in the python portion of the code.
Currently, I am writing the (9000,9000,4) sized vector into a CSV file with 81 million lines and 4 columns. This is slow for reading and writing and it creates large files (~650MB).
NOTE: I run the program multiple times (up to 20) for each trial, so read/write times and file sizes add up.

Current C++ Code:
This is the snippet that initializes and writes the 3D vector.
// initializes the vector with data from 'makematrix' class instance
vector<vector<vector<float>>> colorMat = makematrix->getMatrix();

outfile.open("../output/11_14MidRed9k8.csv",std::ios::out);

if (outfile.is_open()) {
    outfile << "r,g,b,a\n"; // writes column labels

    for (unsigned int l=0; l<colorMat.size(); l++) { // 0 to 8999
        for (unsigned int m=0; m<colorMat[0].size(); m++) { // 0 to 8999
            outfile << colorMat[l][m][0] << ',' << colorMat[l][m][1] << ','
                << colorMat[l][m][2] << ',' << colorMat[l][m][3] << '\n';
        }
    }
}

outfile.close();


Summary:
I am willing to change the output file type, the data structures I used, or anything else that would make this more efficient. Any and all suggestions are welcome!

        