
# StyleGan3 in Colab image zip issue [closed]







Closed. This question needs details or clarity. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










Want to improve this question? Add details and clarify the problem by editing this post.


Closed 1 hour ago.


This post was edited and submitted for review 41 mins ago.





                        Improve this question
                    



I tried two different Colab notebooks and same issue persists. Colab codes do not seem to make zip folder from my uploaded 128px images. I tried 2 different sets too. The initial cell seem to recognize the images but doesn't seem to make the zip after...what am I missing here guys?
Version 1:
!python dataset_tool.py --source=/content/drive/MyDrive/GANdataset --dest=./datasets/afhqv2-128.zip


0% 0/390 [00:00<?, ?it/s]dataset_tool.py:229: DeprecationWarning:
LANCZOS is deprecated and will be removed in Pillow 10 (2023-07-01).
Use Resampling.LANCZOS instead.   img = img.resize((ww, hh),
PIL.Image.LANCZOS) 100% 390/390 [00:01<00:00, 216.74it/s]

!python train.py --outdir=~/training-runs --cfg=stylegan3-t --data=/content/drive/MyDrive/GANdataset/afhqv2-128.zip \
    --gpus=8 --batch=32 --gamma=8.2 --mirror=1


Error: --data: [Errno 2] No such file or directory:
'/content/drive/MyDrive/GANdataset2/afhqv2-128.zip'

Version 2:
!python dataset_tool.py --source=/content/drive/MyDrive/GANdataset --dest=./datasets/afhqv2-128.zip


100% 224/224 [00:04<00:00, 53.01it/s]

!python train.py --outdir=./results --cfg=stylegan3-t --data=/content/drive/MyDrive/GANdataset/afhqv2-128.zip \
--gpus=1 --batch=32 --batch-gpu=4 --gamma=10.0 --mirror=1 --kimg=5000 --snap=1 \
--resume=https://api.ngc.nvidia.com/v2/models/nvidia/research/stylegan3/versions/1/files/stylegan3-t-ffhq-1024x1024.pkl


Error: --data: [Errno 2] No such file or directory:
'/content/drive/MyDrive/GANdataset/afhqv2-128.zip'

I guess in the Version 2 I need to replace the NVidias 1024x104 model to 128x128 that I used for my dataset?
Tried 2 different sets of images. Cannot seem to make that zip! Need this to proceed to the next step

        