
# Is it possible in JavaFX to modify the dependencies of a binding after it's created?

My question arose when implementing some sorts of graph visualization with JavaFX. There are 2 classes called Vertex and Edge, with each edge connecting 2 (possibly the same) vertices. Every vertex that has self-loops (edges having the same start and end vertices) stores a DoubleProperty for the preferred angle of its self-loops. This angle is computed from the the positions of this vertex and all its neighbors. However, as the graph is constructed dynamically, neighbors of a vertex may change, resulting in a dynamic list of dependencies, so I have to modify the dependendies of the DoubleBinding to which the angle is bound.
However, the getDependencies method in the DoubleBinding created by Bindings.createDoubleBinding only returns an immutable copy:
@Override
public ObservableList<?> getDependencies() {
    return  ((dependencies == null) || (dependencies.length == 0))?
                FXCollections.emptyObservableList()
            : (dependencies.length == 1)?
                FXCollections.singletonObservableList(dependencies[0])
            : new ImmutableObservableList<Observable>(dependencies);
}

And although the DoubleBinding class has an bind method that seems to satisfy my need, it is protected:
protected final void bind(Observable... dependencies) {
    if ((dependencies != null) && (dependencies.length > 0)) {
        if (observer == null) {
            observer = new BindingHelperObserver(this);
        }
        for (final Observable dep : dependencies) {
            dep.addListener(observer);
        }
    }
}

So is there any way that I can modify the dependencies at any time without defining my own DoubleBinding, or can I solve my problem without touching the dependencies?

        