
# WPF , How to execute an async method many times simultaneously and in real time?

I am writing a WPF project to simulate video display in different structures like buildings.
In this project, I use a special type of binary video with bin extension, in which the colors are stored as red, green and blue.
I have 2 methods, the first one is "ReadDisplayBinFrames", which has 2 tasks of reading bin video and displaying it on the structure. Of course, since these two tasks are asynchronous, I defined the method as async.
public async Task ReadDisplayBinFrames(Product product, bool PlayMode)
    {
        BinFile.SetPlayMode(PlayMode);

        int currentFrameNumber = 0;
        for (int i = 0; BinFile.IsPlayMode == true; i++)
        {
            for (currentFrameNumber = (int)product.LastFrameRead; currentFrameNumber <= product.BinFiles.TotalGame; currentFrameNumber++)
            {
                await Task.Run(() =>
                {
                    product.BinFiles.GetSphereColorFromBin(product.BinFiles.Read(currentFrameNumber), product.Wiring);
                    product.LastFrameRead = currentFrameNumber;
                    Debug.WriteLine($"LastFrameRead {product.LastFrameRead}");


                    product.Wiring.SetSphereColor(product.DelayPlay);
                });

                if (currentFrameNumber >= product.BinFiles.TotalGame)
                {
                    product.LastFrameRead = 0;
                }

                if (animPlayingMode == AnimPlayingMode.SerialAsync)
                {
                    BinFile.SetPlayMode(false);
                }
            }

        }
    }

Since I have a list of structures and I need to be able to display a video on each of them at the same time, I defined a method called "PlayBin".
private async void PlayBin()
    {
        InitBinList();

        for (int i = 0; i < Products.Count; i++)
        {
            if (animPlayingMode == AnimPlayingMode.ParallelSynchronous)
            {
                Parallel.Invoke(async () =>
                {
                    await ReadDisplayBinFrames(Products[i], true);
                    Debug.WriteLine($"LedProducts Count: {Products[i].LastFrameRead} of Product {i}");
                });
            }
            else
            {
                await ReadDisplayBinFrames(Products[i], true);
                Debug.WriteLine($"LedProducts Count: {Products[i].LastFrameRead} of Product {i}");
            }

        }
    }   

When I display the video on one structure, it is displayed without any problem, but when I increase the number of structures (for example, 6), the playback speed decreases slightly compared to the case when there was only one structure, and after a while, the coordination is lost. and each goes forward or backward a few frames.
Videos Of Software Performance

        