
# Time Scaling Custom Field at Task Summary Levels


I am currently trying to work through two problems to bring this project to a close. Problem #1: I am trying to summarize data on a given date within the time scaled array rather than executing a calculation at the task summary levels and projecting it out over a time horizon. Is there anyway to write code that simply summarizes all task line-item data on a given date? Problem #2: I am trying to make the details column represent the name/title of t.cost1, which is "Labor". "Base8. Cost" is too confusing to the end user. Is there anyway to use VBA to edit the display of baseline8 cost in the details column of the task usage sheet?

Sub TScaleLabor()
Dim tsv As TimeScaleValue
Dim tsvs As TimeScaleValues
Dim t As Task
Dim D As Date

For Each t In ActiveProject.Tasks
    If t.Summary = False And t.Cost1 <> 0 Then
        t.Baseline8Cost = t.Cost1
        D = t.Finish - 1
        If DateDiff("d", t.Start, t.Finish) > 1 Then
            Set tsvs = t.TimeScaleData((t.Start), D, pjTaskTimescaledBaseline8Cost, pjTimescaleDays, 1)
            For Each tsv In tsvs
                If ActiveProject.Calendar.Period(tsv.StartDate, tsv.EndDate).Working Then
                    Durdays = ((t.Duration) / 60) / 24
                    tsv = t.Baseline8Cost / Durdays
                End If
            Next tsv
        ElseIf DateDiff("d", t.Start, t.Finish) = 1 Then
            Set tsvs = t.TimeScaleData((t.Start), t.Finish, pjTaskTimescaledBaseline8Cost, pjTimescaleDays, 1)
            For Each tsv In tsvs
                If ActiveProject.Calendar.Period(tsv.StartDate, tsv.EndDate).Working Then
                    Durdays = ((t.Duration) / 60) / 24
                    tsv = t.Baseline8Cost / Durdays
                End If
            Next tsv
        End If
    End If
Next t

End Sub


I used the code above to take data from the labor column (t.cost1) and time scale it over the task start and finish dates for tasks line items only. Big thanks to Rachel and John for all the help, if you happen to see this!


        