
# Vue, Apollo, Graphql - No subscription fired

It's several days that I'm trying to solve a problem but I don't find any solution.
That's the scenario:
I've a project made by one frontend, one back-office and one server.
Frontend and back-office are built in Vue.js 3 composition api (vite install) and the server is a Laravel 9 on docker with graph-ql.
When a client add an activity on frontend or a backend i want to get a notification on both. For that I use the subscriptions. I set up both frontend/back-office with Pusher and they result connected to the server
The problem comes when I fire the subscription. I don't get any result.

As you can see from the screenshot, the channel result NULL
If I try to call the subscription via graphql-playground i get this error:

I've no idea on how to fix this problem.
I past the cose I use on the clients (frontend / back-office) and how I set up the server.
Any help will be appreciated
CLIENTS:
main.js
import { ApolloClient, ApolloLink, InMemoryCache } from '@apollo/client/core';
import { DefaultApolloClient } from '@vue/apollo-composable';
import { createUploadLink } from 'apollo-upload-client'; 
import PusherLink from './apollo-link';

const cache = new InMemoryCache();

const pusherLink = new PusherLink(
{
  pusher: new Pusher(XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, 
  {
    cluster: 'eu',
    authEndpoint: `http://localhost:80/graphql/subscriptions/auth`,
  }),
 });

const apolloClient = new ApolloClient({
  link: ApolloLink.from([
  pusherLink,
  createUploadLink({
    uri: 'http://localhost/graphql',
  }),
  ]),
  cache,
});

apollo.config.js
module.exports = {
client: {
  service: {
    name: 'my-app',
    // URL to the GraphQL API
    url: 'http://localhost/graphql',
  },
  // Files processed by the extension
    includes: ['src/**/*.vue', 'src/**/*.js'],
  },
};

index.html
<script src="https://js.pusher.com/7.2/pusher.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vue/dist/vue.js"></script>

SERVER:
ActivityAdded.php (subscription class)
<?php

namespace App\GraphQL\Subscriptions;

use Illuminate\Http\Request;
use Nuwave\Lighthouse\Schema\Types\GraphQLSubscription;
use Nuwave\Lighthouse\Subscriptions\Subscriber;

class ActivityAdded extends GraphQLSubscription
{
/**
 * Check if subscriber is allowed to listen to the subscription.
 *
 * @param  \Nuwave\Lighthouse\Subscriptions\Subscriber  $subscriber
 * @param  \Illuminate\Http\Request  $request
 * @return bool
 */
public function authorize(Subscriber $subscriber, Request $request): bool
{
    // TODO implement authorize
    return true;
}

/**
 * Filter which subscribers should receive the subscription.
 *
 * @param  \Nuwave\Lighthouse\Subscriptions\Subscriber  $subscriber
 * @param  mixed  $root
 * @return bool
 */
public function filter(Subscriber $subscriber, $root): bool
{
    // TODO implement filter
    return true;
}
}

Mutation:
addActivity(input: addActivityInput! @spread): Activity
    @create
    @broadcast(subscription: "activityAdded")


        