
# Problem with #available for UIPopoverPresentationController sourceItem with Mac Catalyst

I'm working on an iOS/iPadOS app with an iOS deployment target of iOS 15.0. I am setting up a view controller to be shown as a popover. To support the iPad I set the barButtonItem of the controller's popoverPresentationController. I also wanted to use the new sourceItem property added in iOS 16.0. This leaves me with code as follows:
let nc = UINavigationController(rootViewController: vc)
nc.modalPresentationStyle = .popover
if #available(iOS 16.0, *) {
    nc.popoverPresentationController?.sourceItem = btnAdd
} else {
    nc.popoverPresentationController?.barButtonItem = btnAdd
}

This all works just fine when building and running for iOS/iPadOS.
I also want to make my app for macOS using Mac Catalyst. So I added the Mac Catalyst supported destination to my target (and removed the non-Catalyst Mac option). When I try to build the target against my Mac (running macOS 12.6), I get an error on the sourceItem line:
nc.popoverPresentationController?.sourceItem = btnAdd

The error states:

Value of type 'UIPopoverPresenationController' has no member 'sourceItem'

Sure enough, the documentation shows sourceItem as only being available for iOS 16.0+ and no others such as a Mac Catalyst version.
I've attempted to modify the #available line. I've tried things such as:
if #available(iOS 16.0, macOS 13.0, *) {

and
if #available(iOS 16.0, macCatalyst 16.0, *) {

but none of those attempts solve the error.
What change is needed to this code so it will compile under iOS 15, 16, and Mac Catalyst (macOS 12.3 and later)? The change would seem to require using the barButtomItem line under Mac Catalyst and iOS 15 and only use the sourceItem line for iOS 16.0+.
Of course I could simply remove the use of sourceItem and just have the one line:
nc.popoverPresentationController?.barButtonItem = btnAdd

but barButtonItem was deprecated as of iOS 16.0 in favor of sourceItem so I'd like to try to use it (yes, I know barButtomItem will continue to work but that's not the point of this question).
It seems like a bug that sourceItem is not available for Mac Catalyst.

        