
# Perforce recommended way to work on a task while keeping stable state

Recently I started working at a new place and my company uses Perforce as their source control.
From what I saw, my team members are working on a task and when they finish the task they just submit the files. In case they need to stop working on the current task and move to another one, they shelve the files and move to the different task. This means, there is a shelve per task, but there is no way to view local history of things that were done as part of the task. This results large changes at every submit, and it is not possible to easily return to a working state as part of the current task.
In the past, I have been working with git. With git, I would commit very often and I was able to easily view the history of the changes I have done, even in the short term.
For example, before renaming a variable I would always commit, and then if something gets messed up, I would just revert it without even thinking and trying to dive into debugging of what is wrong. As well, when developing a feature and having basic things that work, I would commit so I would just be able to easily return to that state.
What I started to do is manually copy the files I am working on to a local git repo and then commit things over there, and then copy them back to perforce before submitting them. This is definitely a bad idea.
I am aware to the fact the git and perforce are fundamentally different, and I wanted to know what is the recommended way to work when working on a large task at perforce without accidentally destroying my work during the development.
I am working on a gigantic project, and working with git-p4 and syncing all the changes is impossible. As well, I tried to look at: Perforce equivalent of git local commit but it still means there is a shelve saved for each state I want to save, which is not very convenient.

        