
# Can you code an Arduino to search the web or randomly pull data from a databank, at the push of a button? [closed]







Closed. This question needs to be more focused. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










Want to improve this question? Update the question so it focuses on one problem only by editing this post.


Closed 29 mins ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



First question on here, thank you for your assistance. Can you code Arduino to search the web for specific data at a button push? I am new to coding and need this for my project due in 6 days for Mark Rober's Creative Engineering course(highly recommend).
I want to code so that when the button is first pressed it starts a 20 minute timer. After which it buzzes until I press the button again, the second press starting a seven minute timer. During those seven minutes, if I press the button it spits out a trivia fact randomly from either a data bank or searching the web for the subject I input.  After seven minutes it buzzes until I press the button which restarts the twenty minute timer.
The data retrieval is not critical, as the point is to take a seven minute work break every 20 minutes, but it would be so cool if I could actually do it.
I am imagining inputting  a specific url from a trivia website and having a random generation feature so it picks one. I guess I basically want to make it an Alexa for those seven minutes. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks again.
I am extremely new to coding and I have been googling can you program Arduino to search the internet when commanded, to no avail. I have an idea about some of the code like the timers which I can adapt from Blink, but adding sound or searching the web/data retrieval is beyond me. Not even sure what to search.

        