
# MMO Backend Architecture Questions and Review Request

I am making a simple MMO backend with Django as a personal/portfolio project.
(I am not actually making an mmo game)
You can find the project here
So I have some questions for the architecture because I designed it
1. Architecture
1.1 Terminology
AuthServer= Web Server responsible for the authentication
UniverseServer= Web Server responsible for the persistent storage of the game (Couldn't find a better naming)
MatchmakingServer= Web Server that acts as intermediary between the client and the GameServerManager
GameServerManager= A cluster manager responsible for starting/stoping GameServerInstances
GameServerInstance= An instance of the game server
PlayerClient= The game client of the player
1.2 Flow
1.2.1 Authentication

PlayerClient logins to AuthServer to obtain an AuthToken at /api/auth/login/

1.2.2 Retrieving Player Data

PlayerClient requests all the needed data from the UniverseServer at /api/universe/user/{...} (example: the characters list)

1.2.3 Connecting To A Game Server

PlayerClient requests an available game server from the MatchmakingServer with some parameters
The MatchmakingServer checks if there is an available GameServerInstance on the database with these parameters
If there is an available GameServerInstance, the MatchmakingServer responds to the PlayerClient with the IP and the Port of the GameServerInstance, else it is gonna send a request to the GameServerManagerto spawn one

When the MatchmakingServer would request the GameServerManager to spawn an instance it would pass a ServerAuthToken so that the GameServerInstance can make authorized requests to /api/universe/server/{...}/ to update any value (example: the experience of a character)
On the Django project I am implementing AuthServer, UniverseServer, MatchmakingServer as separate apps to stay as modular as possible.
First of all I would love from an experienced in this field to review the whole architecture.
And the questions:

Does this architecture makes sense? What could I change to improve (even for naming for a more standard namings/functionality/etc...)
What tools can be used as GameServerManager. Can kubernetes/agones do that? Does AWS or CloudOcean have anything for this?
I am making this project as a portfolio but does this architecture/stack have the capabilities to go to production for even an mmo with a low playerbase like ROTMG?
How could this be scaled? Separate the apps to different projects and host everything individually? Use load balancers? Use proxies?
Is this considered cloud architecture or cloud orchestration or something else?

Every advice is welcome
From the questions you can understand that I have minimal knowledge on this field so please be as detailed as possible (or/and provide resources to read more)
Thanks for your time :)

        