
# Is it possible to encrypt a private_key with a public_key?

I've got the following code:
from cryptography.hazmat.backends import default_backend
from cryptography.hazmat.primitives import hashes, serialization
from cryptography.hazmat.primitives.asymmetric import padding
from cryptography.hazmat.primitives.asymmetric import rsa

generated_private_key = rsa.generate_private_key(
    public_exponent=65537, key_size=2048, backend=default_backend()
)
bytes_private_key = generated_private_key.private_bytes(
    encoding=serialization.Encoding.PEM,
    format=serialization.PrivateFormat.TraditionalOpenSSL,
    encryption_algorithm=serialization.NoEncryption(),
)

generated_public_key = generated_private_key.public_key()
bytes_public_key = generated_public_key.public_bytes(
    encoding=serialization.Encoding.PEM,
    format=serialization.PublicFormat.SubjectPublicKeyInfo,
)

object_public_key: rsa.RSAPublicKey = serialization.load_pem_public_key(  # type: ignore
    bytes_public_key, backend=default_backend()
)

# Error happens in the following block:
enc_key = object_public_key.encrypt(  # <-- Why do I get an error here?
    bytes_private_key,  # <-- How can I encrypt this key with another public_key?
    padding.OAEP(
        mgf=padding.MGF1(algorithm=hashes.SHA256()),
        algorithm=hashes.SHA256(),
        label=None,
    ),
)

This code should run as is, as long as cryptography is installed.
The Error happens in the last block when I try to encrypt the created private_key. The last block throws: ValueError: Encryption/decryption failed..
The error might be related to the length of the keys and that I can only encrypt data that is shorter than the public_key. However, I'm not sure if that is the problem here. How can I encrypt a private_key with another public_key?
Note: In this example I encrypt the private_key with its own public_key, but that is just to simplify this example. In the real code I use another public_key.


        