
# Chrome and Edge hang on React page load for only some users, should I change my useEffect strategy?

My ReactJS project displays a simple page consisting of a header section with project title, version and a few nav links, then a table of about 200 results as the main content of the page.
The initial page loads for everyone and the components appear as expected, but on page load (I believe this is when the useEffect hook kicks in) some users report the page becoming un-responsive and no matter how long it is left, it never finishes. This has been reported in both Chrome and Edge by 5 different users across a site of 200+ users, the majority have no issues despite running the exact same hardware and connection.
On page load, I expect the title, version and table contents (plus a few other variables) to be populated and automatically updated since these are in state, and for most users, this works as expected.
Below is my useEffect()
useEffect(() => {
    // Update all initial values
    fetchLastUpdated();
    fetchVersion();
    fetchUsername();
    fetchUpcomingFilterOptions();
    fetchLongCustomerNames();
    fetchConfigs();
    fetchUpcomingResults() // This will be displayed as rows

    const job = document.getElementById("job")
    if ( !!job ) {
      job.addEventListener("keyup", function(event) {
          if (event.key === "Enter") {
              submitForm()
          }
      });
    }

    // Find environment for API links: testing/pre-release, testing/QA, flx
    const url = window.location.href

    if ( url.includes('localhost') ) {
      setEnvironment("testing/pre-release")

    } else if ( url.includes('testing/pre-release') ) {
      setEnvironment("testing/pre-release")

    } else if ( url.includes('testing/QA') ) {
      setEnvironment("testing/QA")

    } else if ( url.includes('flx') ) {
      setEnvironment("flx")
    }
  }, [])

Below an example of an API call from useEffect
const fetchConfigs = () => {
    axios({
      method: "get",
      url: "http://myURL/" + environment + "/WITracker/public/api/myConfigs",
      config: { headers: {
        'Access-Control-Allow-Origin': '*',
        "Content-Type": "multipart/form-data" 
      }}
    })
      .then(function (response) {
        setConfigs(response.data);
      })
      .catch(function (response) {
          console.log("Failed to fetch configs!");
          addNotification("Unable to fetch configs", "Retry in progress...")
      })
  }

When remote accessing the users with troubles loading the page, I asked that they each try the alternative browser: Chrome -> Edge or Edge -> Chrome and in each case this resolved the issue. I found this strange as I would have expected the same browser to be causing the same behaviour each time across the users.
I would like to make sure that the page reliably loads for all users regardless of their browser preference. I'm at a bit of a loss trying to find out why only some users are getting unresponsive errors so any possible solutions or suggestions of what to try are welcome!
Possible workaround?
I'm not sure that I have set up my useEffect the correct way using best practices. I'm thinking of adding a slight delay to the API calls, since the page loads the components without issue, and once the delay is up, to synchronously make each of the calls, giving the browser more of a chance to process the smaller chunks of work rather than all at once... please can somebody let me know their thoughts on this?
e.g. Something similar to the below theory?
useEffect(async () => {
    // Some delay here, with loading screen
    wait(1000) //custom function to wait?

    // ...then, update all initial values
    await fetchLastUpdated();
    await fetchVersion();
    await fetchUsername();
    await fetchUpcomingFilterOptions();
    await fetchLongCustomerNames();
    await fetchConfigs();
    await fetchUpcomingResults()

    ...

Thanks in advance

        