
# How to save reactive dataframe from one R session to the next?

I've begun working with package shinyStorePlus to save user inputs from one R session to the next. I've come across a scenario where it doesn't work: a reactive dataframe rendered with package rhandsontable, per the example code below. Using rhandsontable the user can add columns with click of a mouse, and manually edit column data like an XLS. Can shinyStorePlus work with this more complicated inputs mechanism, where the table/dataframe is saved from one session to the next? Are there better solutions without using shinyStorePlus? Using rhandsontable is a must.
Again, the idea is that the totality of user inputs, in generating the table or dataframe, is saved from one R session to the next. I will later incorporate action buttons to clear/reset the dataframe back to its default settings.
Example code:
library(rhandsontable)
library(shiny)
library(shinyStorePlus)

myDF <- data.frame(x = c(1, 2, 3))

ui <- fluidPage(
  initStore(), # added to enable shinyStorePlus
  br(),fluidRow(column(6,actionButton('addCol','Add'))),br(),
  rHandsontableOutput('hottable')
)

server <- function(input, output, session) {
  
  ### added the following to enable session-to-session saving with shinyStorePlus:
  appid <- "application002" 
  setupStorage(
    appId = appid,
    inputs = TRUE
  )
  ####
  
  EmptyTbl <- reactiveVal(myDF)
  
  observeEvent(input$hottable, {
    EmptyTbl(hot_to_r(input$hottable))
  })
  
  output$hottable <- renderRHandsontable({
    rhandsontable(EmptyTbl(),useTypes = FALSE)
  })
  
  observeEvent(input$addCol, {
    newCol <- data.frame(c(1, 2, 3))
    names(newCol) <- paste("Col", ncol(hot_to_r(input$hottable)) + 1)
    EmptyTbl(cbind(EmptyTbl(), newCol))
  })
  
}

shinyApp(ui, server)


        