
# Vuforia AR Camera Black Screen Issue

I am developing some AR features in my android project using Android studio and Unity Engine. This is my first project to combine Unity Engine features inside the Native Android project, specifically using Vuforia Engine inside native wrapper.
Currently, I am following three steps to add unity features into the android studio project:

Configure Unity Project and export to Android Project.
I opened the exported Android project and I prepared it as a library to generate the Android Archive (AAR) file.
I Imported the .aar file into the main Android project to implement Unity features.

I have tested three different stages like below:

I have generated an .apk file inside the Unity project before exporting to the Android project. The build file works fine on the device.
I also have generated an .apk file from the Android project that was exported from the Unity engine right before generating the Android Archive (AAR) file. The build file is also working as expected.
After imported the .aar file into the main Android project to combine Unity Feature: In this stage I am facing Black screen issue when opening the UnityPlayerActivity But Unity canvas is still rendering on the UnityPlayerActivity only AR Camera not working.

Development Tools :
Unity Engine 2021.3.11f1
Vuforia package-10-10-2
Android Studio Dolphin 2021.3.1
I have tested to set camera permission in Android manifest file Inside the Android Studio.
I Also disabled the AR library from the Vuforia Config inside the Unity Engine.
Configured the Unity Player Setting following:
Change default package name.
Minimum API Level 26.
Set Scripting Backend to IL2CPP
Disabled ARMv7 and Enabled ARMv64
Can anyone be kind enough to guide me on this process?

        