
# amCharts: How can I add a sample at the start of an x/y chart's data?

We're using amCharts to display data that covers a user selected time range (e.g., 30 minutes, 1 hour, 1 day, 1 week, 1 month, 1 year) ending at a particular time. In live mode, that end time will be the current time with the chart being updated on a regular basis. In order to guarantee that the chart displays the exact time window that we want, we have to add a sample at each end of the data with the start and end timestamps (no y values, just the timestamps). The kicker is when the live mode updates happen. We need to delete data from the beginning of the chart and add the new data at the end. The trouble is that, in order to guarantee that the chart renders from the new start time, we need to insert a new start sample at the beginning. I've searched the amCharts documentation, but so far, I've only found out how to delete samples from the beginning (removeData()) and add samples at the end (addData(), which can also delete samples from the beginning).
Is there a way to add a new start sample to the beginning of the chart data for our live updates in order to guarantee that the chart starts at a particular time? Due to the large volume of data that we often have going into the chart for the longer time ranges (the chart could contain up to 8 series), we can't just simply reload the chart every time, as it would take too long and cause a bad user experience. I could try having my code add the new start sample to the beginning of the chart's data array directly, but I'm concerned that it won't do anything to affect how the chart renders.

        