
# How to validate exact value of True and False using Boolean in Java?

The requirement is to get an error when the activeState value given by the user is not true or false. If the user gives true or false, the code should give "passed" as output and any other input other than true or false should give "failed" as output.
Here is my code-
...
public static boolean isActive(Boolean activeState){

    boolean flag=false;

    if(activeState !=null && (activeState.equals(true)||activeState.equals(false)))

    {

       flag=true;

    }

    return flag;

}

...

activeState                     Output                                

 true                           passed                   

 false                          passed                  

 null                           no output                   

 true#                          no output                  

 trrrrue                        no output                 

 @false                         no output  
              
 Lucas                          no output 


As per my observation the code is giving required output only when the user gives valid input ie. True or False. But when any other input value is being given ie. null,truuee,false#; nothing is coming as an output. It is neither giving any error nor any output, just blank. No response is getting generated.
I have checked out solutions where by changing the datatype of the input field fixes the issue, but I can't change the data type of activeState from Boolean to String. Is there any way to validate the activeState so that it can validate all the input values and generate output as required without changing the datatype?

        