
# How To Join Two Models with Different Column Names and Return All Instances?


I aim to create a dataframe of the Top 3 Selling menu_items  in my Purchases table.  My thoughts are to create a join on the Purchases model with the Menu_Item model where Purchases.menu_item = Menu_Item.title.  I will convert the QuerySet to a DataFrame using django_pandas.io.  I plan to use the sum of Menu_Item.price associated with each distinct Purchases.menu_item to determine the Top 3 menu_items of all the records in the Purchases table.
My problem is that I cannot join the two tables successfully.  I’ve scoured the interwebz for a working solution to join two models with different field names, which returns all instances, and I tried various solutions, but the scarce articles on this topic yielded no joy.

models.py
...
class MenuItem(models.Model):
    title = models.CharField(max_length=100, unique=True,
                             verbose_name="Item Name")
    price = models.FloatField(default=0.00, verbose_name="Price")
    description = models.CharField(max_length=500,
                                   verbose_name="Item Description")
    def __str__(self):
        return f"title={self.title}; price={self.price}"

    def get_absolute_url(self):
        return "/menu"

    def available(self):
        return all(X.enough() for X in self.reciperequirement_set.all())

    class Meta:
        ordering = ["title"]


class Purchase(models.Model):

    menu_item = models.ForeignKey(MenuItem, on_delete=models.CASCADE,
                                  verbose_name="Menu Item")
    timestamp = models.DateTimeField(auto_now_add=True,
                                     verbose_name="DateTime")

    def __str__(self):
        return f"menu_item=[{self.menu_item.__str__()}]; time={self.timestamp}"

    def get_absolute_url(self):
        return "/purchases"

    class Meta:
        ordering = ["menu_item"]

I tried adapting too many unsuccessful code fragments to reproduce here, so I am looking at starting with a clean slate.  I'm hoping you have an effective solution to share.  Your help is greatly appreciated.  Thanks.

        