
# How to use Socket.io with Nginx load balancer?

I was going over this article: https://medium.com/@feritzcan/node-js-socket-io-1cde93315a7d, the section "CHAPTER 9 — NGINX Load Balancer", where it is said that:

Imagine you have 3 servers on ports 3000,3001,3002. An user connects to server through Nginx and its forwarded to server on port 3000. Then, socket connection between client and server:3000 is established. However, when client emit any event to server through Nginx, client is not guaranteed to be forwarded to the server:3000 again. Most of the time, it will be forwarded to server:3001 or server:3002 which doesn't recognize the client and will result in error.
In round-robin algorithm; requests are distributed sequentially among servers.

And then, below it is said that:

Ip hashing is a proxy algorithm like round-robin. The algorithm will always forward clients from the same ip to the same server. So, user will always connect the same server and be recognized.
Edit your config file again and set IP hashing this time

sudo nano /etc/nginx/sites-available/yourdomain.com
,upstream app_servers {
 ip_hash;
 server 142.93.111.111:3001;
 server 142.93.111.111:3002;
 server 142.93.111.111:3003;
 ….
 …
 …


After restarting Nginx, it will use IP hashing and will always forward clients to the same server that they were forwarded before.

Now my question here is: OK, I get it how the NGINX Load Balancer ensures that the same client will always be connected to the same server, but what about the frontend and the way the socket.io-client is created? For example, if we use server:3000 as the URL when creating the socket on the frontend side, does this means that every client will always be connected to the server:3000?
This somehow goes against the feature for distrusting the load between multiple servers, so I wonder If I am missing anything related.

        