
# Optimize BNF/a graph of sets?

I have data in Backus-Naur form. In the below example a string can be either an email address if it ends there, or a business name if a new line comes after it. In my code I created a graph, dumped the graph as bytecode then wrote a DFA state machine (deterministic finite automaton) to parse everything.
The problem is Address, it's recursive and slow. My state machine will see Addr: My String and reduces/pop the state which is good so far. Now is the problem. Address2 can be 1 of 2 things. To handle the first the state machine pushes it's current location and jumps to the part that checks '-' (for the line Address2 - Address3), if it's not there (which is most of the time) it pops the state to handle the other case, pops, then once again pushes and pops to handle Address being two different state.
In my real bnf address goes about 30 deep and instead of 2 cases it can handle up to 15. In a profiler I see most of the time is constantly pushing/popping the state and reading the bytecodes each and every time (ie the part that says compare with + or -)
I'm not sure what my code or data is called and I have no idea what to look up or how to optimize it.
Start:
    Name NL Address
    Name NL email
    email
Name:
    PersonName
    BusinssName
PersonName:
    ALPHABET ALPHABET //first last
    ALPHABET ALPHABET ALPHABET //first middle last

BusinssName:
    STRING

email:
    STRING
Address:
    Address + Address2
    Address2
Address2:
    Address2 - Address3
    Address3
Address3:
    "Addr:" STRING


        