
# How to build "Selectable Keep Login" function by Cookie/JWT

I'm using Node(axios,pinia)+Vue3 as frontEnd,and node(express,bcrypt,jsonwebtoken)+MongoDB as BackEnd to build a SPA web.
I use JWT for login authentication and save at localstorage.
Now it only can keep login.
Hoping have Selectable "Keep Login" function like some forum usually have.
(After closing browser/shotdown will need to login again.)
I don't use sessionStorage for this website user often open new tab.Some cross tab problem bother me and I thought cookie might got better solution.
I can imagine only "Always login"/"temp login"  can be done likes. But with selectable I can't thought a simple way to apply it.
Like now I'm thought still use LocalStorage(LS) for Vue to run,but also have Session Cookie(as Cookie)(Not sure the name but the cookiewill be deleted when all webs closed).
Keep login need no change for me.If set to temp login, then the setting will be save to JWT,all front/back could know.
Use cache as signal for closing browser,if (temp login)&&(no cookie){clear LS}.
However I wonder the localStorage can be extract so the func will not safty enough? Then a school computer will be disaster
I'm new to cookie/session,and want to know any better way for safty/efficent. I will prevent XSS.
It would be wonderful to have your experienct/Idea!
Poor language and consult at here first,If any describe not clear/too detail please tell me,I will try to edit it, thanks!

The use of JWT is below:

BackEnd use bcrypt verify user password and response a JWT(with userID for db to find,also save to user login record DB) and other basic user info.
Some response data like JWT,basic userinfo will be save in localstorage to let Vue decide display login/admin/different page.


When user send a request(some login-action), JWT will also be send as BearToken to bo verified by backEnd that JWT was record in that user login record.
So JWT is the only security key,the user's login record should have same JWT.
Because it save in localstorage,user must logout!(Despite I can set some limit time.)


        