
# Native SQL Server JSON consumption failing

I am attempting to consume a JSON API and drop it into a table in SQL server (version 15.x). I can run it manually and it happily runs along and places nicely with my process.
I need to automate it to consume the API for archival needs, but when I dropped it into a SQL server Agent Job step and attempt to run it the thing fails with this message:

JSON text is not properly formatted. Unexpected character '"' is found at position 16. [SQLSTATE 42000] (Error 13609).  The step failed.

So, that error message, when reviewing online, suggests that something is malformed in the JSON itself and I have no control over that. I do not know JSON very well and so have no clue what to do to fix the error.
Is my SQL wrong?
Is it appropriate to call it as a step in a Job as opposed to storing as a procedure and then calling the procedure? Does that matter?
The statement is below, it runs against a public API, so please test it and let me know what I did wrong!
Thanks
Declare @Object as Int;
DECLARE @hr  int
Declare @json as table(Json_Table nvarchar(max))

Exec @hr=sp_OACreate 'MSXML2.ServerXMLHTTP.6.0', @Object OUT;
IF @hr <> 0 EXEC sp_OAGetErrorInfo @Object
Exec @hr=sp_OAMethod @Object, 'open', NULL, 'get',
               'https://seeclickfix.com/open311/v2/407/requests.json',
                 'false'
IF @hr <> 0 EXEC sp_OAGetErrorInfo @Object
Exec @hr=sp_OAMethod @Object, 'send'
IF @hr <> 0 EXEC sp_OAGetErrorInfo @Object
Exec @hr=sp_OAMethod @Object, 'responseText', @json OUTPUT
IF @hr <> 0 EXEC sp_OAGetErrorInfo @Object

INSERT into @json (Json_Table) exec sp_OAGetProperty @Object, 'responseText'
-- select the JSON string
select * from @json 
-- Parse the JSON string
insert into [DATA].[DATA].[SeeClickFix_APIFeed_refresh](
    [description]
    ,[address]
    ,[lat]
    ,[service_request_id] 
    ,[requested_datetime] 
    ,[long]
    ,[service code] 
    ,[status] 
    ,[zipcode] 
    ,[agency_responsible] 
    ,[service_name] 
    ,[media_url] 
    ,[expected_datetime] 
    ,[address_id]
    ,[service_notice] 
    ,[status_notes]
 ) 
SELECT *  FROM OPENJSON((select * from @json))
WITH (   
     [description] nvarchar(max) "$.description"   ,
        [address]   nvarchar(max) "$.address",
        [lat]   nvarchar(max) "$.lat",
        [service_request_id]   nvarchar(max) "$.service_request_id",
        [requested_datetime]   [nvarchar](max) "$.requested_datetime",
        [long]   nvarchar(max) "$.long",    
        [service code]   nvarchar(max) "$.service_code",
        [status]   nvarchar(max) "$.status",
        [zipcode]   nvarchar(max) "$.zipcode",
        [agency_responsible]   nvarchar(max) "$.agency_responsible",
        [service_name]   nvarchar(max) "$.service_name",     
        [media_url]  [nvarchar](max) "$.media_url",
        [expected_datetime]   [nvarchar](max) "$.expected_datetime",
        [address_id]   nvarchar(max) "$.address_id",
        [service_notice]   nvarchar(max) "$.service_notice",
        [status_notes]   nvarchar(max) "$.status_notes"     

)
EXEC sp_OADestroy @Object



I do not know that much about JSON and so not certain about what I can change to try to fix it

        