
# Why doesn't dir, __dir__, __dict__, vars show me all the attributes of my object in Python? [closed]







Closed. This question is not reproducible or was caused by typos. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question was caused by a typo or a problem that can no longer be reproduced. While similar questions may be on-topic here, this one was resolved in a way less likely to help future readers.


Closed 2 hours ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



See the print statement of dir, its missing anon and data:
dir(obj)=['__class__', '__delattr__', '__dict__', '__dir__', '__doc__', '__eq__', '__format__', '__ge__', '__getattribute__', '__gt__', '__hash__', '__init__', '__init_subclass__', '__int__', '__le__', '__lt__', '__module__', '__ne__', '__new__', '__reduce__', '__reduce_ex__', '__repr__', '__setattr__', '__sizeof__', '__str__', '__subclasshook__', '__weakref__', 'non_anon']
print(f'{bool("anon" in dir(obj))}')
False
print(f'{bool("data" in dir(obj))}')
False

self contained code:
# %%
"""
trying to detect which field is the anonymous function giving me isse since:
    AttributeError: Can't pickle local object 'FullOmniglot.__init__.<locals>.<lambda>'
doesn't tell me which one for some reason.
"""
from pprint import pprint


def is_anonymous_function(f) -> bool:
    """
    Returns true if it's an anonynouys function.
    """
    return callable(f) and f.__name__ == "<lambda>"


class MyObj:
    def __int__(self):
        self.data = 'hi'
        self.anon = lambda x: x

    def non_anon(self, x):
        return x


obj = MyObj()
print(f'{dir(obj)=}')
print(f'{vars(obj)=}')
print(f'{obj.__dict__=}')
print(f'{obj.__dir__=}')
print(f'{obj.__dir__()=}')
print(f'{bool("anon" in dir(obj))}')
print(f'{bool("data" in dir(obj))}')
# print(f'{locals(obj)=}')

pprint(vars(obj))
# [print(getattr(obj, field)) for field in dir(obj)]
for field_name in dir(obj):
    print(f'{field_name=}')
    field = getattr(obj, field_name)
    if is_anonymous_function(field):
        print(field)

# pickle it

trying to address the complaint in here: How does one find the name of a local variable that is a lambda function in a method is not being able to be pickled?

        