
# Dokku app supposed to point to subdomain instead points to domain of other app

I am trying to host a new app on a subdomain on an existing Dokku instance but it seems to point to the domain of another app altogether.
I have a multiple domains with DNS records managed via Cloudflare.
I have one A record for aaa.com:
A aaa.com <vps-ip>

And two A records for bbb.com:
A bbb.com <vps-ip>
A *.bbb.com <vps-ip>

When I run dokku apps:list I get:
=====> My Apps
aaa
newapp

(while my app names are different, their lexicographical order follows the above)
When I run dokku domains:report I get:
=====> newapp domains information
       Domains app enabled:           true
       Domains app vhosts:            newapp.bbb.com
       Domains global enabled:        true
       Domains global vhosts:         bbb.com
=====> aaa domains information
       Domains app enabled:           true
       Domains app vhosts:            aaa.com
       Domains global enabled:        true
       Domains global vhosts:         bbb.com

If I run dokku domains:report newapp, bbb.com is also listed as as a vhost.
I have verified that the DNS records are updated. I have also verified that the server that is supposed to power newapp.bbb.com is running by dokku entering and curling locally.
When I send HTTP requests to e.g. newapp.bbb.com/endpoint, the contents of aaa.com are returned. Similarly, if I just query bbb.com I also get the contents of aaa.com.
I have surely misconfigured something but I cannot figure out what's heads and what's tails. I have dug around the official Dokku docs as well as various SO posts without any luck.
I am guessing that I am lacking nginx insights so I would greatly appreciate any pointers.

        