
# Is this adding bases function correct?

So I have an assignment I have that I did and works most of the time however for some reason, for some values it won't work. Here is the assignment:
https://i.stack.imgur.com/h5FOK.png
Here is my code (sorry for the wall of text, please help me):
public static int findDigitSum(int num, int base, int start) {
     int answer = 0;
     int stat = start;
     int inc = 0;
     boolean act = false;
     int ans = 0;
     int mult = 1;
     int carry = 0;
     int sum = 0;
     int digit = 0;
     int digit2 = 0;
     int if1 = 0;
        
     int value = 0;
        
     int x2 = 0;

    for (int i = 0; i < num; i++) {
            
     inc = i;
     stat = start;
     mult = 1;
     carry = 0;

        
    while (stat > 0 || inc > 0 || carry > 0)  { // should loop how many times it needs to?
            

     digit = stat % 10; // takes unit digit of start
     sum = digit + inc + carry; // creates sum of unit digit, inc, and carry
            
     System.out.println("digit, sum: " + digit + " " + sum);
     System.out.println("stat, inc, carry: " + stat + " " + inc + " " + carry);
            
            
     value = sum % base; // takes the new digit value (modulo of base)
     carry = sum / base; // finds the carry after (for next loop)
     if (inc > 9) {
     carry = carry - 1;
    }
            
            
    answer = answer + (mult * value); // adds answer to answer (mult 10)
            
            
     mult = mult * 10;
     stat = stat / 10; // finds 10's digit number for next loop
     inc = inc / 10; // finds 10's digit for increment number for next loop
            

            
    }
            
            
     System.out.println("ans: " + ans);
     System.out.println("answer: " + answer);
            
            
     x2 = answer;
            
     while (x2 > 0) {
     ans = ans + x2 % 10;
     x2 = x2 / 10;
    }
            

            
     stat = stat + inc;
            
             
     answer = 0;
    }
        

    return ans;

        
        
    }

Basically, the question is asking on how to add bases together. I coded this but for some reason some values don't work and I honestly have no idea why. Everything seems like it should work.
For example, when num is 25, base is 5, start is 324, for the variable 'ans' it returns 194 instead of 189 (the correct one). Someone please help me with this, I really need help.
The code doesn't work as expected, although it should technically work. I don't know what's wrong.

        