
# VBA how to apply conditional formatting using cell values?

I just started my VBA journey and I am trying to create variable conditional formatting. User will determine range and rules in sheet called CondFormat. I tried to create macro, but I cannot create a way to get values from cells (like in which sheet is should be applied). Colors are used in hex format, so I added "&H" to cells with color (column 4 and 5, saw it on some forum that hex needs to be used with &H). I tried to find on google how to set worksheet from cell value, but it seems that it is impossible. I wasn't able to fix this line, so I don't know if rest of my code works (first time using ForNext). Can somebody please explain to me how to fix it?


Sub CondForm()
Dim rngStart As Range
Dim rngStop As Range
Dim Cond1 As FormatCondition
Dim Cond2 As FormatCondition
Dim Ws As Worksheet


Dim LastRow As Integer
    LastRow = Worksheets("CondFormat").Range("A" & Rows.Count).End(3).Row
    
'Remove old conditional formatting
For Each Ws In ThisWorkbook.Sheets

    Ws.Cells.FormatConditions.Delete
    
Next


'Set new formatting
Dim x As Integer
    For x = 2 To LastRow

'HOW TO SET THIS WORKSHEET FROM CELL VALUE?
        Ws = Worksheets(Cells(x, 1).Value)
        rngStart = Cells(x, 6).Value
        rngStop = Cells(x, 7).Value
        
    Ws.Range(rngStart, rngStop).FormatConditions.Add xlExpression, Formula1:= _
            Cells(x, 3).Value
    Ws.Range(rngStart, rngStop).FormatConditions.Interior.Color = Cells(x, 4).Value
    Ws.Range(rngStart, rngStop).FormatConditions.Font.Color = Cells(x, 5).Value
    
    Next x


End Sub


        