
# Fetching data from local python chatbot

TypeError: The view function for 'predict' did not return a valid response. The function either returned None or ended without a return statement.
I'm building my a react website for a chatbot that I have. But I can't seem to fetch the data from the chatbot to the react website.
This is my react website that supposedly will fetch the data.
import React, {useState, useEffect} from 'react'

function Form(){
  const [data, setData]=useState(null);
  const [print, setPrint]=useState(false);
  const [response, setResponse]=useState([])
  function getData(val){
    setData(val.target.value)
    setPrint(false)
  }
  
  useEffect(() => {
    loadResponse();
  }, []);
  
  const loadResponse = () => {
    fetch("/predict")
      .then(response => response.json())
      .then(response => setResponse(response));
  }
  return(
    <div>
      {
        print?
        <h1>{data}</h1>
        :null
      }
      {response}
      <form method="post">
        <input type="text" onChange={ getData }/>
        <button onClick={() => setPrint(true)}>Send</button>
      </form>
      
    </div>
  )
}

export default Form;

This is the python file of chatbot.

with open('intents.json', 'r') as json_data:
    intents = json.load(json_data)

FILE = "data.pth"
data = torch.load(FILE)

input_size = data["input_size"]
hidden_size = data["hidden_size"]
output_size = data["output_size"]
all_words = data['all_words']
tags = data['tags']
model_state = data["model_state"]

model = NeuralNet(input_size, hidden_size, output_size).to(device)
model.load_state_dict(model_state)
model.eval()

bot_name = "Serenity"

def get_response(msg):
    sentence = tokenize(msg)
    X = bag_of_words(sentence, all_words)
    X = X.reshape(1, X.shape[0])
    X = torch.from_numpy(X).to(device)

    output = model(X)
    _, predicted = torch.max(output, dim=1)

    tag = tags[predicted.item()]

    probs = torch.softmax(output, dim=1)
    prob = probs[0][predicted.item()]
    if prob.item() > 0.75:
        for intent in intents['intents']:
            if tag == intent["tag"]:
                return random.choice(intent['responses'])
    
    return "I do not understand..."


if __name__ == "__main__":
    print("Let's chat! (type 'quit' to exit)")
    while True:
        # sentence = "do you use credit cards?"
        sentence = input("You: ")
        if sentence == "quit":
            break

        resp = get_response(sentence)
        print(resp)

And this is the code from app.py to connect to a website.
app = Flask(__name__)
CORS(app)

@app.route("/predict", methods=['POST', 'GET'])
def predict():
    if request.method == 'POST':
        text = request.get_json().get("message")
        # TODO: check if text is valid
        response = get_response(text)
        message = {"answer": response}
        return message

if __name__ == "__main__":
    app.run(debug=True)

I have made a website using vanilla javascript and it works there but I can't seem to fetch the data from the local chatbot to the react website.
I tried different ways on fetching data from the internet but I could not still understand the process.

        