
# Should you create an explicit foreign key if that column is part of another compound key that transiently references the same table?

As an arbitrary example that hopefully captures the core of the question, say you've got three tables: business_line, orders, and line_items.
business_line (
   id text primary key, 
   name text not null
)

orders (
   id text not null, 
   line text references business_line(id), 
   other_stuff text not null
   -- for arbitrary legacy reasons, ID is unique only 
   -- within a particular business line
   primary key (id, country)
)

line_items [
   order_id text not null,
   business_line text not null, -- should this have its own FK? 
   other_stuff_here text not null,
   foreign key (order_id, country_code) references orders(id, country)

line_items references business_line indirectly because of its compound foreign key on orders, which has a direct foreign key on business_line.
In this situation, would one still create a foreign key from line_items to business_line?
It strikes me as redundant, as, transiently, if A->B, and B->C, then A -> C -- the referential constraint hold "through" because the orders table has a concrete foreign key. Update anomalies are prevented because there's no way to put an incorrect value into the line_items table.
However, I'm unsure what the recommended practice is here and google is failing me, as I can't figure out what this kind of relationship is actually called (transient dependency seems to apply exclusively to columns within the same table).

        