
# Could not register with unique url Red Hat 8

I had a problem where I tried to register to a locally created subscription site. The local network was working, I could reach the target with ping and curl. I had the ip set up in /etc/hosts for the server. DNS was set up (the entry was in /etc/resolv.conf).
I was on multi-target environment on Redhat 8.6. on a virtual machine where I had ssh rights, and root access, but could not reach the virtual environment handler.
Error-msg:
Network error, unable to connect to server. Please see ...
The logs did not provide me extra information about the cause.
I can not provide logs, because the problem was handled by others, and I no longer have access to the environment, but I would like to be able to solve it the next time I encounter it.
Every tipp is appretiated.
Thank you very much
I tried:
Subscription-manager register Subscription-manager register --name=(url with and without http) Subscription-manager register --serverurl=(url with and without http) Subscription-manager register --baseurl=(url with and without http)
I tried to use --username=(user) and --password=(passw) in every combination.
The subscription manager could find the site, asked for the creditentials, but gave back network error.
I tried to disable the firewall on the local side, but it did not help.
I was not able to check the server side, but I was assured it works fine.
I also tried to
Subscription-manager remove-all Subscription-manager unregister
(dnf/yum gave back error that I have no registered subscription)
I expected:
To the register, and be able to choose pool, attach repos, and install packages.

        