
# How to make sure I click the correct rect after the canvas has been zoomed and translated?

The context
I'm creating a very simple game with html canvas (inside a next.js app). In this canvas I draw a few rectangles with some gap in between. If you know coloring pixels the game I bascially recreating this.
This is what it looks like so far:

I also implemented a zoom feature and drag feature. The logic for it I found on google.
But here is how the update function looks like:
update = (ctx) => {
    this.canvas.width = window.innerWidth;
    this.canvas.height = window.innerHeight;

    ctx.translate(window.innerWidth / 2, window.innerHeight / 2);
    ctx.scale(this.cameraZoom, this.cameraZoom);
    ctx.translate(
      -window.innerWidth / 2 + this.cameraOffset.x,
      -window.innerHeight / 2 + this.cameraOffset.y
    );
    ctx.clearRect(0, 0, window.width, window.height);
    this.drawTiles(ctx);
  };

this.cameraZoom just changes on mousewheel and the this.cameraOffset changes on mousemove and starts with cameraOffset = { x: window.innerWidth / 2, y: window.innerHeight / 2 }; . This works fine, I can zoom in and drag the canvas around.
The problem I have is when I click the squares - the wrong rectangles get filled after dragging
The Problem
Before the zoom and drag feature I implemented a logic, so I can click on the canvas and the correct rectangle will be filled with a color. That works fine. Then I implemented zooming, and I adjusted that logic until I made it work. But now I have to readjust it further because after dragging the "coordinates" aren't correct anymore, but I can't figure out a correct formula. Here is what I have so far (this function sits on every tile or rect I draw:
setPaintingColor = (game) => {
   
    const minX = (this.x - game.gap) * game.cameraZoom;
    const maxX = (this.x + this.width - game.gap) * game.cameraZoom;

    const minY = (this.y - game.gap) * game.cameraZoom;
    const maxY = (this.y + this.height - game.gap) * game.cameraZoom;

    if (!game.mouse.down) {
      return;
    }

    if (
      game.mouse.x >= minX &&
      game.mouse.x <= maxX &&
      game.mouse.y >= minY &&
      game.mouse.y <= maxY
    ) {
      this.color = "yellow";
    }
  };

So this sets the fill color of the rect and then the game update loop constantly calls draw of each rect (which fills the rect with the set color this.color.
The question
So now I want to find out a logic that works after dragging and zooming. When I drag the canvas and then try to click rects, nothing get painted.
I played around with the this.cameraOffset.x + y values adding it, subtracting it etc, the closest I got was, when i clicked a tile, the tile to the left got painted but it wasn't logical to me at all.
So what I also tried is I calculate the distance I have moved after dragging (I set this.dragStart and this.dragEnd at the game object. Then adding it to the setPaintingColor function like that:
const distanceMovedX = game.dragStart.x - game.dragEnd.x;
    const distanceMovedY = game.dragStart.y - game.dragEnd.y;
    const minX = (this.x - game.gap + distanceMovedX) * game.cameraZoom;
    const maxX =
      (this.x + this.width - game.gap + distanceMovedX) * game.cameraZoom;

    const minY = (this.y - game.gap + distanceMovedY) * game.cameraZoom;
    const maxY =
      (this.y + this.height - game.gap + distanceMovedY) * game.cameraZoom;

Now when I drag and then click rects, about 6 - 8 tiles to the right where i clicked the rects get painted.
Does anybody know which logic I need to make it work again?
Thank you very much!

        