
# How to design relational interfaces?

I am following a repository pattern. I have models Playlist and Track, where Playlist has one-to-many relations to Track:
// Models
public class Playlist
{
    public int Id { get; set; }
    public string Title { get; set; }
    public ICollection<Track> Tracks { get; set; }
    public DateTime DateAdded { get; set; }
    public DateTime DateModified { get; set; }
}

public class Track
{
    public int Id {get; set; }
    public string Title {get; set;}
    public string Source {get; set;}
}

// Interfaces
public interface IPlaylistRepository
{
    ICollection<Playlist> GetPlaylists();
    Playlist GetPlaylistById(int playlistId);
    Playlist AddPlaylist(Playlist playlist);
    Playlist UpdatePlaylist(Playlist playlist);
    ICollection<Playlist> DeletePlaylist(Playlist playlist);
    bool PlaylistExists(int playlistId);
}

public interface ITrackRepository
{
    ICollection<Track> GetTracks();
    Track GetTrackById(int trackId);
    Track AddTrack(Track track);
    Track UpdateTrack(Track track);
    ICollection<Track> DeleteTrack(Track track);
    bool TrackExists(int trackId);
}

I want to add Track to Playlist.

Should I implement this method in ITrackRepository or IPlaylistRepository? The difference is that Track doesn't implicitly have a reference to the Playlist.
It should be implemented on IPlaylistRepository by a UpdatePlaylist(Playlist playlist) method:

Retrieve the existing playlist with the matching id--playlist.
Create a new instance of Track and add it to the playlist.Tracks field.
Call the DbContext.Update(playlist) method.

To implement on ITrackRepository, I would add method AddTrackToPlaylist(int playlistId, Track track).

Is it good to abstract CRUD calls, having a separate method for updating each attribute of the model--like one for name and one for Tracks? Should I abstract it within a single method--updatePlaylist?



        