
# dotnet publish --self-contained -> running the app still asks for .net installation

As the subject suggests, even if publishing with "--self-contained true" (and with a specific -r option), the runtime still asks for missing .net installation.
I've now studied the subject and it seems to me that pretty much all the related dlls should be in the output folder, but for some reason the mechanism that tries to discover those is not finding them. This can be seen in the trace log that is applied as instructed here:
https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/docs/design/features/host-tracing.md
Below is a section of the trace:
Resolving FX directory, name 'Microsoft.NETCore.App' version '6.0.0'
Multilevel lookup is true
Searching FX directory in [C:\Program Files\MagiCAD Group\MagiCAD Automatic Design Service Application]
Attempting FX roll forward starting from version='[6.0.0]', apply_patches=1, version_compatibility_range=minor, roll_to_highest_version=0, prefer_release=1
'Roll forward' enabled with version_compatibility_range [minor]. Looking for the lowest release greater than or equal version to [6.0.0]
No match greater than or equal to [6.0.0] found.
'Roll forward' enabled with version_compatibility_range [minor]. Looking for the lowest release/pre-release greater than or equal version to [6.0.0]
No match greater than or equal to [6.0.0] found.
Framework reference didn't resolve to any available version.
Searching FX directory in [C:\Program Files\dotnet]

I have even tried to copy all the same files that would exist in the corresponding C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared... to my publish folder with no better result.
My main question is that what is the mechanism for the .NET to find the dlls? from the publish folder. Why it doesn't find them there but finds them in the C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared...

        