
# Adding Column Based on Boolean Array

I am trying to add a column of labels based on whether each value in a dataframe of points belongs to a polygon. I have the code set up with matplotlib.path and I use contain_points to generate a boolean array. I have something like 15 polygons and use a for loop to define these 15 new boolean 'contains' arrays. I now want to take the values from each 'contains' boolean and to get one column of outputs with the label 'Basalt' where the boolean is true (and to pass where the boolean is false) in that loop and 'Foidite' where the boolean is true in the successive loop.
Is there a way to do this without overwriting labels through the 15 labels? The solution I thought of was to create a new dataframe, 'contains_all', and to have the label names assigned, then to merge the columns to ignore np.nan. This seems like a particularly inelegant solution though, so I am hoping to come up with a better one. I would greatly appreciate any help available. Thanks!
import numpy as np
import pandas as pd
import matplotlib
from matplotlib import pyplot as plt

from matplotlib.colors import ListedColormap, LinearSegmentedColormap
import matplotlib.patches as mpatches
import matplotlib.path as mpath


for i in range(num_polygons):
    name = ['Basalt', 'Foidite', 'Basaltic andesite', 'Andesite', 'Dacite', 'Picrite', 'Phonolite', 'Rhyolite', 'Trachybasalt', 'Basaltic trachyandesite', 'Trachyandesite', 'Trachyte-Trachydacite', 'Tephrite', 'Phonotephrite', 'Tephriphonolite']

    path_check = mpath.Path(polygons_df.iloc[i, polygons_df.columns.get_loc('Coordinates')])
    contains = path_check.contains_points(synth_points)
    contains_all[name[i]] = contains



        