
# y axis formatting incorrectly [duplicate]







This question already has answers here:
                        
                    



Force R to stop plotting abbreviated axis labels (scientific notation) - e.g. 1e+00

                                (9 answers)
                            


How do I change the formatting of numbers on an axis with ggplot? [duplicate]

                                (5 answers)
                            

Closed 4 hours ago.



I am trying to create a bar graph plotting the quality of wine with the wine samples. However, the graph gives me a y-axis with e values (for example 2e + 05). I want the y axis to show how many of the wines are of which qualities.
winer <- read.csv('winequality-red.csv')

wine_red <- winer %>% separate(fixed.acidity.volatile.acidity.citric.acid.residual.sugar.chlorides.free.sulfur.dioxide.total.sulfur.dioxide.density.pH.sulphates.alcohol.quality, into = c("fixed.acidity","volatile.acidity","citric.acid","residual.sugar","chlorides","free.sulfur.dioxide","total.sulfur.dioxide","density","pH","sulphates","alcohol","quality"), sep = ";", convert = TRUE) 
wine_red <- wine_red %>% mutate(ID = as.numeric(row_number()))

wine_red %>% ggplot(aes(x = quality, y = ID,color = factor(quality), fill = factor(quality))) + geom_bar(stat = 'identity', size = 2, show.legend = FALSE) + scale_colour_brewer(palette = "YlOrRd", direction =  1) + scale_fill_brewer(palette = "BuPu") + xlab("Quality of Wine") + ylab("Number of wines") + ggtitle("Wine qualities")

The graph gives me a y-axis with e values (for example 2e + 05). I want the y axis to show how many of the wines are of which qualities. I think it is because of me trying to plot quality against the ID column I made, but I couldn't get the plot to work and format it further.
This code gives me the correct y axis, but wouldn't let me format it further.
ggplot(wine_red) + 
  geom_histogram(mapping = aes(x = quality))



        