
# How to implement Google RecaptchaV2 in Nuxt 3 App

I'm actually trying to implement Google reCaptcha in Nuxt App and I'm currently using "nuxt": "3.0.0-rc.11". I try to add this with nuxt2 or vue3 reCaptcha lib but unfortunately, I ended up with some error.
Anyone knows how I implement Google reCaptcha V2 in nuxt 3 App.
Here's my current implementation.
<template>
  <form
    action="?"
    class="mt-8"
    method="POST"
  >
    <div id="g-recaptcha"></div>
  </form>
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
useHead({
    title: 'Contact',
    titleTemplate: 'Gears - %s',
    viewport: 'width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1',
    charset: 'utf-8',
    meta: [
        {name: 'description', content: 'Let’s discuss your work together.'}
    ],
    // Here I Inject reCaptcha script using `useHead()` composable
    script: [
        {
            hid: 'recaptcha',
            src: 'https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api.js?trustedtypes=true?onload=onloadCallback&render=explicit',
            defer: true
        }
    ]
})

const isRecaptchaChecked = ref(false)
const form = reactive({
   token: ''
})

function recaptchaCallback(token) {
    isRecaptchaChecked.value = grecaptcha && grecaptcha.getResponse().length !== 0;
    if (isRecaptchaChecked.value) {
        form.token = token
    }
}

onMounted(async () => {
    await grecaptcha.render('g-recaptcha', {
        'sitekey': runtimeConfig.siteKey,
        'callback': recaptchaCallback
    });
})
</script>

Problem #1 with this implementation
This implementation works fine but It's gave error ReferenceError: grecaptcha is not defined on initial load and if we reload the page the recaptcha works fine and even generate token
Problem #2 with this implementation
As I said this It's gave error ReferenceError: grecaptcha is not defined on initial load and when we reload the page this works fine. Now heading to problem 2, the other problem I face is after getting success recaptcha response If we change the page for example we want to go from /contact to /home the route change on browser URL bar but page is not changed.
Here's the live Website URL
Important Note
Before navigating to contact page please open devtool console and read my two problem and apply them you will understand better about my problem.
Thanks in advance.

        