
# Identify the "Firefox View" tab

Recently Firefox has introduced a "Firefox View" tab which is like a persistent pinned tab that cannot be closed (except disabling it in the View menu) or navigated out of. This tab is returned by browser.tabs.query.
I want to identify it so it will not be processed by the extension. url property is not a viable option since any tab can be navigated to about:firefoxview
I have noticed that it has hidden set as true. hidden seems to only be a property in the Firefox API, Chrome does not have it. The documentation does not say much about it, but "whether the tab is hidden" - whatever that means (I checked that it is not associated with the tab being in the scrolled out of view section of the tabbar).
So is checking the hidden property to identify the tab a viable option? Or could other tabs also be "hidden"? Are there any better options?
It's properties:
active: false
​​
attention: false
​​
audible: false
​​
cookieStoreId: "firefox-default"
​​
discarded: false
​​
favIconUrl: "chrome://branding/content/icon32.png"
​​
height: 746
​​
hidden: true
​​
highlighted: false
​​
id: 11
​​
incognito: false
​​
index: 1
​​
isArticle: undefined
​​
isInReaderMode: false
​​
lastAccessed: 1667374495857
​​
mutedInfo: Object { muted: false }
​​
pinned: false
​​
sharingState: Object { camera: false, microphone: false, screen: undefined }
​​
status: "complete"
​​
successorTabId: -1
​​
title: "Firefox View"
​​
url: "about:firefoxview"
​​
width: 1351
​​
windowId: 63


        