
# Use existing Lambda layer(AWS) in Serverless(framework) project

I am migrating existing lambda functions created using the AWS GUI to a serverless framework project for better version control.
Few functions have layers, now I am trying to add the layer in the config file by directly using the ARN of the layer. This layer was created using the GUI, not using the framework.
functions:
   functionName:
      handler: handlerFile.handler
      layers:
         - arn:aws:lambda:...:...:layer:layername:version # Using the ARN directly here, no layer config present in this project

Now when I try to deploy the project, I am getting Module not found. Can't resolve 'sharp', so the layer is not working or unable to access the modules, the sharp library is in the layer. All the online tutorials and documentation add the layer files manually in the project and deploy a new layer and then use that, is it not possible to use the ARN of an existing layer?
The layer uses the folder structure mentioned in the docs, it also works fine in the existing lambda function that I created in the GUI. I am using multiple layers, so I didn't want to add the layer files in the serverless project to keep it clean. The last thing to try would be to manually create layer directories and deploy the layers first using the serverless framework and then it might work(though not sure)
Is it possible to use the ARN of an existing layer directly in the serverless function config given that the layers have already been created using the GUI?

        