
# How to use a pseudo-terminal returned from posix_openpt?

I'm trying to use posix_openpt on Mac. The issue I'm seeing is that I get a file descriptor back from posix_openpt. I use the file descriptor for reading and create a copy using dup for writing. The issue I'm running into is that when I write to the master file descriptor, I read that data back out from the master. So no data ends up at the slave. I confirmed this by using posix_spawnp to run a program with stdin/stdout/stderr set to the slave file. The program hangs indefinitely waiting for input. Here is my code (note, all error handling was removed for legibility):
    int master_fd = posix_openpt(O_RDWR);
    grantpt(master_fd);
    unlockpt(master_fd);

    char *slave_filename_orig = ptsname(master_fd);
    size_t slave_filename_len = strlen(slave_filename_orig);
    char slave_filename[slave_filename_len + 1];
    strcpy(slave_filename, slave_filename_orig);

    posix_spawn_file_actions_t fd_actions;
    posix_spawn_file_actions_init(&fd_actions);
    posix_spawn_file_actions_addopen(&fd_actions, STDIN_FILENO, slave_filename, O_RDONLY, 0644);
    posix_spawn_file_actions_addopen(&fd_actions, STDOUT_FILENO, slave_filename, O_WRONLY, 0644);
    posix_spawn_file_actions_adddup2(&fd_actions, STDOUT_FILENO, STDERR_FILENO);

    pid_t pid;
    posix_spawnp(&pid, "wc", &fd_actions, NULL, NULL, NULL);

    int master_fd_write = dup(master_fd);
    char *data = "hello world";
    write(master_fd_write, data, strlen(data));
    close(master_fd_write);

    char buffer[1024];
    read(master_fd, buffer, 1024); // <- Issue Here
    // buffer now contains hello world. It should contain the output of `wc`


        