
# In Paxos, why can't we use random backoff to avoid collision?

I understand that the heart of Paxos consensus algorithm is that there is only one "majority" in any given set of nodes, therefore if a proposer gets accepted by a majority, there cannot be another majority that accepts a different value, given that any acceptor can only accept 1 single value.
So the simplest "happy path" of a consensus algorithm is just for any proposer to ping a majority of acceptors and see if it can get them to accept its value, and if so, we're done.
The collision comes when concurrent proposers leads to a case where no majority of nodes agrees on a value, which can be demonstrated with the simplest case of 3 nodes, and every node tries to get 2 nodes to accept its value but due to concurrency, every node ends up only get itself to "accept" the value, and therefore no majority agrees on anything.
Paxos algorithm continues to invent a 2-phase algorithm to solve this problem.
But why can't we just simply backoff a random amount of time and retry, until eventually one proposer will succeed in grabbing a majority opinion? This can be demonstrated to succeed eventually, since every proposer will backoff a random amount of time if it fails to grab a majority.
I understand that this is not going to be ideal in terms of performance. But let's get performance out of the way first and only look at the correctness. Is there anything I'm missing here? Is this a correct (basic) consensus algorithm at all?

        