
# MailChimp API 3.0 [closed]







Closed. This question needs debugging details. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 Edit the question to include desired behavior, a specific problem or error, and the shortest code necessary to reproduce the problem. This will help others answer the question.


Closed 1 hour ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I am trying to sent an email to my mailchimp subscribers through a PHP script in Wordpress. The idea is to have a PHP Loop to check a condition and if this condition is realized, to send an email to all subscribers of my newsletter, using a preset email template that i have created into MailChimp. I already have the loop and it works but i am missing the piece of code to trigger the sending of the mailchimp email. I have read many posts and articles but I cant adapt the piece of code to my needs. Can anyone help me? Thanks.
The MailChimp lines that are not working are in italic and in the middle of my Loop.
`piece of code that i created`

/ Connect to imap server
$mailbox = imap_open('{imap.server.com:993/imap/ssl}INBOX', 'test@test.com', 'Test1234');
$unseenMessages = imap_search($mailbox, 'UNSEEN');
if ($unseenMessages != 0) {
    $MailHeaders = imap_headers($unseenMessages );
    $Subject = "Test Subject";
    Foreach ($MailHeaders as $Subject) {
        $SCUpdate = 1 ;
        }
    If ($SCUpdate = 1) {

*//make the MailChimp connection
$data = array("recipients" => array("list_id" => "XXXXX"), "type" => "regular", "settings" => array("subject_line" => "Subject", "title" => "Title Subject", "reply_to" => "test@test.com", "from_name" => "Test Name", "folder_id" => "XXXXXXX"));
$data = json_encode($data);
$curl = curl_init();
curl_setopt_array($curl, array(    
   //Sample url
   CURLOPT_URL => "https://XX.api.mailchimp.com/3.0/campaigns",
   CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER => true,
   CURLOPT_TIMEOUT => 0,
   CURLOPT_CUSTOMREQUEST => "POST",
   CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS => $data,
   CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER => array(
      "authorization: apikey <XXXXXXXXX>"
   ),
));
$response = curl_exec($curl);
$err = curl_error($curl);
curl_close($curl);
if ($err) {
   $response = $err;
}*
        mail('test@test.com', 'PHP Script works', 'test email content');
        $SCUpdate = 0 ;
        }
    }
if ($unseenMessages) {
    // Mark Unseen as Seen
    imap_setflag_full($mailbox, implode(',', $unseenMessages), '\Seen');
// close
imap_close( $mailbox);
}
/


        