
# Exception in thread "main" java.util.NoSuchElementException error in my scanner [closed]







Closed. This question needs debugging details. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 Edit the question to include desired behavior, a specific problem or error, and the shortest code necessary to reproduce the problem. This will help others answer the question.


Closed 1 hour ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



Exception in thread "main" java.util.NoSuchElementException
        at java.util.Scanner.throwFor(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.Scanner.next(Unknown Source)
        at Tutorial.generateUsernameAndPassword(Tutorial.java:309)
        at Tutorial.main(Tutorial.java:192)

This is the error I keep receiving when using a scanner.
I tried to use my scanner to get values and I keep getting the above errors for my 2 parts of code using scanner. I try printing out a question need an answer but get and error on the line of code directly after the question gets printed (The above error.).
I have tried using try resources/getting rid of closing the scanner but it still results in the exact same error by the: .next(); part of my code.
The "cb" / "gp" are my 2 scanners.enter code here
// Question: 10
        public static String chatBot() {
                Scanner cb = new Scanner(System.in);
                System.out.println("How are you?");
                String z = cb.next();
                if (z != "Bye") {              
                        System.out.println("Hello User!");
                } else {
                        System.out.println("Enjoy the rest of your day!");
                }
                // cb.close();
            return "";
        }
    
    
        // Question: 11
        public static String generateUsernameAndPassword() {
                Scanner gp = new Scanner(System.in);
                System.out.println("Whats your desired username: ");
                String nn = gp.next();
                System.out.println("Enter Your desired password: ");
                String pp = gp.next();
                if (pp == nn) {
                    System.out.println(nn + "hgfnhrgkngde");
                    System.out.println(pp + "nvcmbmpaynzh");
                }
                System.out.println("Your username is: " + nn);
                System.out.println("Your password is: " + pp);
                // gp.close();
            return "";
        }


        