
# io-ts logging decoding errors for union types in arrays

I am using io-ts and trying to decode nested arrays of values. The default io-ts behavior is that if any item in an array fails, it fails the whole array. I still wanted the array to pass and only return the valid items and be able to log the invalid ones. I wrote a custom codec that extends the array using withValidate of io-ts-types.
export function validItemsOnlyArray<C extends t.Mixed>(theType: C) {
  return withValidate(t.array(theType), (itemToDecode, context) => {
    const pipeResult = pipe(
      // validate that the value is at least an array
      // if it passes, then chain and validate each item
      t.UnknownArray.validate(itemToDecode, context),
      FpTsEither.chain((validArrayObject) => {
        const decoded = pipe(
          validArrayObject,
          FpTsArray.map((arrayItem) => {
            const decodeResult = theType.decode(arrayItem)
            if (FpTsEither.isLeft(decodeResult))
              console.log(
                `${getPaths(decodeResult)} unable able to decode ${
                  theType.name
                }`,
              )
            //TODO: figure out how to log errors, currently logging for each failed union type
            return isRight(decodeResult)
              ? t.success(decodeResult.right)
              : t.failure(arrayItem, context)
          }),
          FpTsArray.separate,
        )

        return t.success(decoded.right)
      }),
    )
    return pipeResult
  })
}

The decoding works perfectly. However, I get false positives in my logging statements because I am using union types. If one of the union fails, it tries the next one until it succeeds. This returns the correct output, however, it also logs the failures when a union type fails to decode.
I need some way to know that we are trying to decode a union type and there are still other objects to try before we log that all possible options have been tried. I know there is a lot of information available in context but wasn't sure if there was a better way to know and stitch it all together.
Here are the objects I'm trying to decode
const Competitor = t.exact(
      t.intersection([
        t.type({
          isWinner: t.boolean,
          name: t.string,
          shortName: t.string,
        }),
        t.partial({
          gender: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
          dateOfBirth: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
          zipCode: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
          city: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
          state: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
        }),
      ]),
    )

    const SportResult = t.exact(
      t.intersection([
        t.type({
          arenaBoutGuid: t.string,
          arenaEventGuid: t.string,
          competitors: validItemsOnlyArray(Competitor),
          isDual: t.boolean,
          dateModified: t.string,
          eventName: t.string,
          sport: t.string,
          siteId: t.number,
          type: t.string,
        }),
        t.partial({
          boutNumber: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
          winType: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
        }),
      ]),
    )

    const Comp = t.intersection([
      t.type({
        name: t.string,
        id: t.string,
        isWinner: t.boolean,
        points: t.union([t.number, t.null]),
      }),
      t.partial({
        shortName: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
        coreNodeId: t.union([t.number, t.null]),
      }),
    ])

    const Sport2Result = t.exact(
      t.intersection([
        t.type({
          arenaBoutGuid: t.string,
          arenaEventGuid: t.string,
          competitors: validItemsOnlyArray(Comp),
        }),
        t.partial({
          winType: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
          matchScore: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
          weightClassId: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
          weightClassName: t.union([t.string, t.null]),
        }),
      ]),
    )

When decoding here, result decodes correctly as Right, but I get the console.log message that it failed.
    const Response = t.type({
      data: validItemsOnlyArray(t.union([Sport2Result, SportResult])),
    })

    const result = Response.decode({ data: [MockStatXWrestlingBoutResult] })

Any help would be appreciated!

        