
# wpf Interaction EventTrigger with multiple sources

I am trying to catch a RountedEvent fired from multiple instances of a UserControl. This works in the non-MVVM world easily by catching the routed event at the Window level (local:MyControl.MyEvent="Window_CodeBehindHandler"). But I need to forward that event on to the View Model, and I am struggling to get an Interaction.Triggers setup to behave the same. The EventTrigger behaves as expected if I pass in a specific SourceName or SourceObject or place the Interaction.Triggers inside of the UserControl in the XAML, but that doesn't work the same.
I have tried various versions of setting SourceName or SourceObject to the control type or name without luck.
I've put together an MRE here: WpfInteractionEventTriggerMRE. The "real" implementation has an ItemsView bound to a collection created at runtime of these control objects, with a lot more going on than a single "Select" event, so "just use an {x} control with Click already implemented and restyle it" suggestions aren't helpful.
<Window x:Class="WpfApp5.MainWindow"
        xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
        xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml"
        xmlns:d="http://schemas.microsoft.com/expression/blend/2008"
        xmlns:mc="http://schemas.openxmlformats.org/markup-compatibility/2006"
        xmlns:local="clr-namespace:WpfApp5"
        xmlns:b="http://schemas.microsoft.com/xaml/behaviors"
        mc:Ignorable="d"
        
        Title="MainWindow" Height="450" Width="800"
        
        local:ElipseControl.Select="Window_Select"> <!-- This works as expected -->

    <b:Interaction.Triggers> <!-- This does not -->
        <b:EventTrigger EventName="Select">
            <b:InvokeCommandAction Command="{Binding ElipseSelectedCommand}" />
        </b:EventTrigger>
    </b:Interaction.Triggers>

    <Grid>
        <Grid.RowDefinitions>
            <RowDefinition Height="*" />
            <RowDefinition Height="*" />
        </Grid.RowDefinitions>

        <local:ElipseControl Grid.Row="0" ElipseName="One" />
        <local:ElipseControl Grid.Row="1" ElipseName="Two" />
    </Grid>
</Window>

I am hoping there is something I am just overlooking here.

        