
# MongoDb schema design to support search across multiple collections

I'm getting started with MongoDb, and ran into a schema design issue that I'm wondering if there are any good patterns for.
Let's say I have an Animal class with several hundred different subclasses of Animal, like Dog and Whale. Here's some pseudocode:
class Animal
   string kingdom
   string phylum
   string taxonomyClass
   string order
   string family
   string genus
   string species

class Dog extends Animal
   double maxBarkDecibals
   boolean knowsFetch

class Whale extends Animal
   double finWidth
   double blowholeDiameter

The Animal subclasses can all have very different shapes, and I need to be able to add specific indexes/validations to MongoDb for each animal subclass. However, I also want to be able to query the database for documents given the taxonomy information, without knowing which subclasses I'm querying.
Here are the options that come to mind.
Option 1: Single collection
I could store everything in one big collection. That would make searches based on taxonomy information easy, and wouldn't require dbrefs. The problem is that I don't know if I would be able to apply all of the indexes I might need to for different animal shapes, because MongoDb only supports 64 indexes per collection.
Option 2: Separate collections
I could have a separate collection for each subclass. That would allow me to index/validate them according to their individual unique shapes. And in order to support taxonomy search I would need to have an additional collection for the superclass called animals with dbrefs like this:
{
   phylum: "chordata",
   // and so on
   data: {
      "$ref": "dogs",
      "$id": // some id
   }
}


I will probably end up resorting to this if no one has any other ideas, but I don't love it, because MongoDb doesn't have cascading saves/deletes (so the application has to ensure that inserts/deletes happen in both collections), and I would also want to keep the taxonomy info in each subclass collection anyway (because sometimes I want to query a subclass collection directly).
Option 3: Ask stackoverflow
Are there any concepts or patterns that I'm missing?

        