
# year % 4 gives true and hence returns all the numbers true [closed]







Closed. This question is not reproducible or was caused by typos. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question was caused by a typo or a problem that can no longer be reproduced. While similar questions may be on-topic here, this one was resolved in a way less likely to help future readers.


Closed 1 hour ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



this is a program to find the next 10 leap years from a given years and store them into a list.
i have made a helper function isLeap that returns true if a year is leap year and false if not.
def isLeap(year):
    if (( year%400 == 0)or (( year%4 == 0 ) and ( year%100 != 0))):
        return True
    else:
        return False
        
def find_leap_years(given_year):
    list_of_leap_years = []
    for i in range(10):
        if isLeap(given_year == True):
            list_of_leap_years.append(given_year)
            given_year += 1
    return list_of_leap_years

But the output it gives is
[2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009]
When i debug this it shows that when the isLeap is called then it always returns True no matter the number. I want use a helper function to solve this. Can someone tell me what am i doing wrong here?
Thanks for the help :)
I tried changing my code and now it looks like this and the expected output is achieved

def find_leap_years(given_year):
    list_of_leap_years = []
    i=0
    while(i < 10):
        if (( given_year%400 == 0) or (( given_year%4 == 0 ) and ( given_year%100 != 0))):
            list_of_leap_years.append(given_year)
            i += 1 
        given_year += 1
    return list_of_leap_years

list_of_leap_years= find_leap_years(2000)
print(list_of_leap_years)

Output:
[2000, 2004, 2008, 2012, 2016, 2020, 2024, 2028, 2032, 2036]
This is correct but i want to know how was the code with helper function is wrong...

        