
# Azure Functions (Node.js) - Additional CORS headers

Problem
For my implementation of an Azure Function, I need CORS enabled. The current implementation runs with the CORS settings as enabled from the Portal (Checked the box for "Enable Access-Control-Allow-Credentials" and added the origins that I want to allow).
For now this works, however the way the function is called from the website is something that I want to change. This new way causes the browser to send an OPTION request to the endpoint everytime the function is called. One way I wanted to address this, is by adding the Acces-Control-Max-Age header, which can't be done in the current way CORS is setup.
Question
Is setting CORS in the way provided below similar to what the Azure Functions do by default with CORS settings from the portal and give the same level of 'protection' as these settings? Or is there a better/other way to set these CORS headers (or rather, the specific Access-Control-Max-Age header)?
Potential fix
Initially I've tried to set the headers from the function code while still having the portal-settings control CORS, this however doesn't work as the header was never returned.
What I've done and tested now is disabling CORS from the portal and setting up CORS within the function (i.e., unchecked the checkbox for credentials and removed all Allowed Origins from the list in the portal).
Then in my function code:
Setup the default headers:

const res_headers = {
    "Access-Control-Allow-Credentials": true,
    "Access-Control-Max-Age" : 600,
};

Then check if the origin or referer is allowed (findDomainInList function below, it returns the domain of the referer if present in the allowedOrigin list or a default domain when not present in that list).
That information is then returned to the browser in the case of an OPTIONS requests.

const checkAllowedOrigin = findDomainInList(req.headers.origin, allowed_origins)
//returns for example https://www.alloweddomain.com in the case a call is made from that domain
//OR https://www.defaultdomain.com when either the call is made from the defaultdomain or from an unwanted domain.

res_headers['Access-Control-Allow-Origin'] = checkAllowedOrigin;

if (req.method == "OPTIONS") {

    let useHeaders = res_headers;
    useHeaders['Access-Control-Allow-Headers'] = 'content-type';
    context.res = {
        body: "",
        headers: useHeaders,
        status: 200,
    };
    return;

}


        