
# Segmentation fault in backtracking [closed]







Closed. This question needs debugging details. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 Edit the question to include desired behavior, a specific problem or error, and the shortest code necessary to reproduce the problem. This will help others answer the question.


Closed 20 mins ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I have written a large piece of code and on execution, I am getting a segmentation fault.Is there any method to find what those errors could be?
Problem-
You are given an N*M grid. Each cell (i,j) in the grid is either blocked, or empty. The rat can move from a position towards left, right, up or down on the grid.
Initially rat is on the position (0,0). It wants to reach position (N-1,M-1) where its mice is waiting for. There exits a unique path in the grid . Find that path and help the rat reach its mice
Input Format
Given vector of strings representing a grid with N rows and M columns.
'X' in position (i,j) denotes that the cell is blocked and 'O' denotes that the cell is empty.
Output Format
Print N lines, containing M integers each. A 1 at a position (i,j) denotes that the (i,j)th cell is covered in the path and a 0 denotes that the cell is not covered in the path.
#include<bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
void path(vector<string> arr,vector<vector<int>> &traverse,int n,int m){
    int x=arr.size()-1;
    int y=arr[0].size()-1;
    if(n==x && m==y){
        traverse[n][m]=1;
        return;
    }
    if(arr[n][m]=='X'){
        traverse[n][m]=0;
        return;
    }
    if(arr[n+1][m]){
        if(arr[n+1][m]=='O' && traverse[n+1][m]==0){
            traverse[n][m]=1;
            path(arr,traverse,n+1,m);
            traverse[n][m]=0;
        }
    }
    if(arr[n][m+1]){
        if(arr[n][m+1]=='O' && traverse[n][m+1]==0){
            traverse[n][m]=1;
            path(arr,traverse,n,m+1);
            traverse[n][m]=0;
        }
    }
    if(arr[n-1][m]){
        if(arr[n-1][m]=='O' && traverse[n-1][m]==0){
            traverse[n][m]=1;
            path(arr,traverse,n-1,m);
            traverse[n][m]=0;
        }
    }
    if(arr[n][m-1]){
        if(arr[n][m-1]=='O' && traverse[n][m-1]==0){
            traverse[n][m]=1;
            path(arr,traverse,n,m-1);
            traverse[n][m]=0;
        }
    }
    return;
    
}
vector<vector<int>> ratAndMice(vector<string> arr) {
    vector<vector<int>> v;
    for(int i=0;i<arr.size();i++){
        for(int j=0;j<arr[0].size();j++){
            v[i][j]=0;
        }
    }
    path(arr,v,0,0);
    return v;
    
    
}


        