
# Setting global variable value in dynamically created JS function and reading the value in setTimeout callback

I have the following IIFE which adds a function to the DOM on page load. Expectation is that if the user clicks the button within 15seconds of the page load, then the submitForm() function should be executed and the submitAutoDelay function should go into the if block and not show the alert from else block. But unfortunately, it is not working that way. If I click the button right after page load, I see the alert from the submitForm() button, but then after 15sec of page load, I see the alert from the auto submit function as well.


(function(output) {
  var autoSubmitDelay = 15000,
    submitted = false;

  function submitAutoDelay() {
    if (submitted) {
      console.log("Form already submitted")
      return;
    } else {
      console.log("Submitting form due to timeout");
      submitted = true;
      console.log("form submitted from timer function");
      alert("form submitted from timer function");
    }
  };
  var cbScript = document.createElement("script");
  cbScript.type = "text/javascript";
  cbScript.text = "function submitform() {" +
    "   console.log(\"callback called\"); " +
    "   submitted = true; " +
    "   console.log(\"form submitted from callback function\");" +
    "   alert(\"form submitted from callback function\");" +
    "}";
  document.body.appendChild(cbScript);
  setTimeout(submitAutoDelay, autoSubmitDelay);
})(document.forms[0].elements['nadaaaaa']);
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<form name="myForm">
  <button type="button" onclick="submitform();">Click me</button>
</form>



It seems like the scope of the submitted attribute seems to be causing an issue. The value set from the submitForm() method is not being read by the other method. How do I fix this issue?
--- Update---
Looks like I need to define the submitted variable outside of the IIFE so that all functions have access to that variable. It seems to work if I do it that way. I will leave the question open to see if there are other options/solutions for this problem.

        