
# Java: do/while to re-run program doesn't allow user String input in first question upon running again

Very new to Java.
I've gotten in the habit of using a simple do/while loop to re-run programs (rather than having to click the green arrow in IntelliJ), where user enters '1' to run it again. This has always worked for me until now (all 7 weeks of my Java learning lol), where the user is inputting some String via Scanner, and the program collects it with String str = scannerName.nextLine();
The program does re-start after the user enters '1' and it asks the initial prompting question again, but it skips allowing the user to enter a new String.
I've figured out a work-around for this with an IF statement that triggers if the user enters '1' to start the program again. The program now asks a dummy question with a scannerName.nextLine()** line that is meant to be skipped because the program does indeed allow user input in the second question of the program (i.e., after re-starting, program asks the first question, doesn't allow user input, then asks the second question and does allow input, so the dummy/fake question in the if statement just gets skipped and the user can then enter input for the first question, which I trick the program into thinking is the second question). **
I know this isn't ideal though and I'm wondering what it is about nextLine() that causes the program to skip allowing user input on the second run-through. My code is below: what can I change so I don't have to use the rigged IF-statement "false first question"?
`
//Write a program to find frequency of given character in the String
import java.util.Scanner;
public class FrequencyOfGivenCharacter {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        int again = 0;           //initialized outside do/while loop for later
        Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);
        do {
            if(again == 1){
            System.out.println("Let's try again.");
            String doWhileDecoy = sc.nextLine(); //decoy input line gets skipped on re-start
            System.out.println("Enter a sentence: ");
            String uSent = sc.nextLine();        //user can now input here on re-start
            System.out.println("\nEnter a letter or number that you want to search for: ");
            char a = sc.next().charAt(0);
            int frequency = Frequency(uSent, a);

            System.out.println("Amount of character \"" + a + "\" in the string: " + frequency);
            //option to run program again below
            System.out.println("Enter \"1\" to enter a new sentence, any other number to quit: "); 
            again = sc.nextInt();
        }while(again == 1); 
    }
    static int Frequency(String str, char a) {
        int count = 0;
        for (int i = 0; i < str.length(); i++) {
            if (str.toLowerCase().charAt(i) == a) {
                count++;
            }
        }return count;
    }
}

`
What I first tried and expected, and how I worked around the problem are all explained above. However, I am sure there must be a more efficient way, but my searches here and elsewhere have not found the answer.

        