
# How do I add a column of klines from the Binance API to a dataframe?

I posted this question
I am trying to calculate my current equity on Binance, so that my system can make accurate position sizes. I don't know if a dataframe is the best way to do this. The account snapshot endpoint only returns once daily snapshot of equity.
BeRT2me was helpful, and I have edited that code a little and my output is moving closer towards what I am aiming for, but I am not there.
from binance.spot import Spot
import config
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np

Client = Spot(config.apiKey,config.apiSecret)

info = Client.account()
bal = info['balances']

# Read your dictionary...
df = pd.DataFrame(bal)

# Convert to floats - if necessary:
df[['free', 'locked']] = df[['free', 'locked']].astype(float)

# Make your BTC Pair column.
df['BTC Pair'] = np.where(df.asset.eq('BTC'), 'BTC', df.asset.add('BTC'))



print(df)

results in;

Which is along the lines of where I am going.
I want to get the kline for the BTC Pair, and multiply that by my balance of the base asset of that pair, and place that into a new column.
I tried manipulating strings, parsing json responses etc, but I am running into lots of different issues with things like encoding, objects and things like that and I just don't have the skills to solve those issues. My coding knowledge is extremely basic.
What I did think might be helpful is something like
if coin != "BTC":
    coinpair = (strcell[11:lenstr-1])+"BTC"
    klines = Client.klines(coinpair,"1d", limit =1)
    closeLoc = {}
    for i in klines:
       close = closeLoc[i[0]] = i[1:2]
       strClose = str(close)
       length = len(strClose)
       string = strClose[2:length-2]
       num = float(string)
       print(num)

but I don't know how to iterate that for every pair using a function and using df.apply() into a new column. (Or at least, I'm running into a ton of errors when trying to do so.
Thanks, appreciated

        