
# How to derive a runtime value from a conditional type?

I'm writing a typed wrapper around a protocol used between a server and my client. This protocol can return a single response or multiple responses. Each of the responses has a value. I could just collect the results and return them as an array to the application. However, that would mean I have to do additional checks before I can use single values.
The vast majority of the responses is single-valued, so I'd like to avoid having this check and have hence defined a conditional return type, based on an enum which holds the APIs names, that may return more than a single value. Still, also these APIs can just come back with a single value, but in this case it's ok for me to return an array with just this single result.
Now I need to know if I should return a single value or an array from my function at runtime. Check this code:
enum APIs {
    api1 = "API1",
    api2 = "API2",
    api3 = "API3",
}

type MultiResult =
    typeof APIs.api1
    | typeof APIs.api2
    ;

interface IResultMapper {
    [APIs.api1]: { result: string[] };
    [APIs.api2]: { values: string };
    [APIs.api3]: { name: string };
}

const values: string[] = [];
function record(value: string): void {
    values.push(value);
}

type Result<T extends keyof IResultMapper> = T extends MultiResult ? string[] : string;

function done<T extends keyof IResultMapper>(api: T, value: string): Result<T> {
    if (isMultiResult) {
        values.push(value);
        return values;
    }

    return value;
}

console.log(done<APIs.api1>("test"));

Also available in the typescript playground.
Imagine my connection receives data responses and I call function record for each, and a final response with the last value, for which I call function done. In reality this is all done with promises, but for this question I simplified that a lot. The point is that there might be no data responses sometimes, even for APIs that are marked as returning multiple data records. But all requests return at least a final response.
The done function now needs to decide if it has to return an array or a single value. For that I need a flag at runtime that I can check, as all type info is erased (see the if (multiResult) part in the code.
So, how can I derive a runtime value from the Result type? Side note: the APIs enum , the IResultMapper interface and the MultiResult type are auto generated and can grow really large (hundreds of entries).

        