
# Using BigQuery as a datastorage/cache system for google sheets addon

I have a google sheets addon with custom formulas that fetch data from my API to show in their result.
The problem for many users is the addon frequently reaches the Urlfetch quota. So I'm trying to use another source of data for my formulas, I been trying to setup BigQuery for that ( I know is not meant to be used like that).
My approach would be something like this:
When a user executes a formula, I look first in BigQuery to see if data already there, if not fetch from API then stores the result in a BigQuery.
I tried a proof of concept, where I added a custom function to my addon with the code sample in https://developers.google.com/apps-script/advanced/bigquery
where I replaced projectId for my own and queried a sample table
when executed the formula got this error:

GoogleJsonResponseException: API call to bigquery.jobs.query failed with error: Request is missing required authentication credential. Expected OAuth 2 access token, login cookie or other valid authentication credential. See https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/devconsole-project.

I tried also execute the same code from a function called from the sidebar frontend, where I got this error instead:

User does not have bigquery.jobs.create permission in project

From these errors I'm guessing I have to assign a BigQuery role in IAM to each user. But I have hundreds of them.
Is there any why that any addon user can access the BigQuery project? or my whole approach is wrong.

        