
# How to enforce code changes have gone through lower environments first before production release?

We are using GitLab for the source control. I am new to gitlab pipeline and yaml file.
Our current gitflow is:  feature branch -> dev branch-> qa branch->release branch
1>Developer creates feature branch -> make changes-> and then create merge request (MR) into dev branch.
2>We perform peer review -> approve MR into dev branch.
3>Upon approval and merge, pipeline triggers automated deployment to development environment from the dev branch.
4>Developer test changes in development environment.
5>All good? Then Developer create MR from dev branch to qa branch.
6>Upon approval and merge, pipeline triggers automated deployment to  qa environment from the qa branch.
7>The step 1 to 6 are repeated for each feature we develop in the current sprint.
8>At the end of the sprint, upon QA certification, maintainer merges qa branch to release branch.
9>merging into release branch requires 2 approvals.
10>Upon merge approval into release branch DOES NOT trigger automated deployment. Using the pipeline, we trigger the deployment pipeline manually from the release branch.
default:  
  tags:
    - my-gitlab-runner
stages:
 - build:default
 - deploy:dev
 - deploy:qa
 - deploy:prod 

workflow:
  rules:    
    - if: $CI_PIPELINE_SOURCE == "push"
    - if: $CI_PIPELINE_SOURCE == "web"

# we want to build code on all branches
build-default:
  image: "myimage"
  stage: build:default
  script:        
    - npm install
    - npm i -g @nestjs/cli    
    - npm run build
  artifacts:
    paths:
      - "build_output.zip"
    expire_in: 6 hrs  

deploy-dev:
  image: "myimage"
  stage: deploy:dev
  environment: 
    name: dev
    url: "https://dev.mydomain.com"
  script:    
    - deploy/scripts/deploy-dev.sh    
  rules: 
    - if: $CI_COMMIT_REF_NAME == "dev"  

deploy-qa:
  image: "myimage"
  stage: deploy:qa
  environment: 
    name: qa
    url: "https://qa.mydomain.com"
  script:    
    - deploy/scripts/deploy-qa.sh    
  rules: 
    - if: $CI_COMMIT_REF_NAME == "qa"  

deploy-prod:
  image: "myimage"
  stage: deploy:prod
  environment: 
    name: prod
    url: "https://prod.mydomain.com"
  script:    
    - deploy/scripts/deploy-prod.sh    
  rules: 
    - if: $CI_COMMIT_REF_NAME == "release"  

This flow is been working fine.
But with this flow it is possible to create a new branch -> make changes -> then create merge request into the release branch to deploy to production. Whilst this would require approvals, but there is no mechanism in the pipeline to ensure that the changes must have gone through lower environments (dev/qa) first.
How can pipeline enforce the rule that it must not be possible to release to production before current sprint changes have gone through lower environments?

        