
# How can I convert the optical power of different LED's from lumen to radiant power in mW, respecting the shape of the spectral emission [closed]







Closed. This question is not about programming or software development. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










 This question does not appear to be about a specific programming problem, a software algorithm, or software tools primarily used by programmers. If you believe the question would be on-topic on another Stack Exchange site, you can leave a comment to explain where the question may be able to be answered.


Closed 1 min ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I have in my DLP projector RGB-LED's. I want to test different LEDs for my application.
Now I am searching warm white, and red LEDs. But I am unsure about the correct comparison of the optical power the LEDs. As I understand luminous flux (Lm) is a measure for visible light, with a specific sensitivity curve for photopic view of the human eye V(lambda). In my application, I make a photo with a monochrome camera and thus more interestet in the radiant power. How can I convert lumen correctly to radiant power in mW? Respecting the real shape of the spectral emission (e.g. gaussian shape of monochrome LED, shown in the datasheets).
The original red LED is: Osram, LE A Q9WP -> Datasheet p.2 -> Luminous Flux of max. 180 Lm
The original green LED is: Osram, LE CG Q9WP -> Datasheet p.2 -> Luminous Flux of max. 500 Lm
The original blue LED is: Osram, LE B Q9WP -> Datasheet p.2 -> Radiant Power of max. 1590 mW
When I capture a photo of the green light and seperately of the red light, I receive almost the same intensity value, altough the luminous flux is very different for those too. This is why I am pretty sure that I have to use NOT lumen as my measure.
I have tried to convert luminous flux to radiant power according to:
https://www.gigahertz-optik.com/en-us/service-and-support/knowledge-base/basics-light-measurement/light-color/quantities-photometric/
Φe = radiant power [mW] (is this just a number or a curve? no LED is perfect monochromatic.)
Φv = luminous flux [lumen]
Φλ(λ) = spectral radiant power [mW/nm] (is this just a number or a curve? is the unit correct?)
Km = 683 lm/W
For total monochrome radiation: Φv = Φe × V(λ) × 683 lm/W
For polychromatic radiation: Φv =  Km × ∫ Φλ(λ) × V(λ)dλ

        