
# Quarkus + AWS API Gateway + Lambda - Blocking / Non Blocking RESTEasy

I have a AWS API Gateway forwarding the handling of all incoming HTTP requests to an AWS Lambda function. This function runs a Quarkus app.
My understanding is that API Gateway will trigger a dedicated AWS Lambda for each HTTP request. Potentially, "hot" Lambdas already used recently to handle previous requests will be reused. But my understanding is that we will always have one single thread / request per Lambda's JVM at the same time. Is my understanding correct ?
Then, I read  this : https://quarkus.io/guides/resteasy-reactive#more-advanced-usage, explaining the Event-loop threads and Worker threads implemented by RESTEasy reactive. My understanding is also that, in this AWS Lambda context, there is no point having an Event-loop thread delegating the work to a worker thread as the Lambda will not receive any new incoming HTTP request to handle (if new incoming HTTP requests are coming, API Gateway will give them to other Lambda instances running elsewhere in another JVM). Then, the reactivity brought by RESTEasy reactive (io.quarkus:quarkus-resteasy-reactive) is not useful. Am I right ?
So, in Lambda context, is the recommendation to use RESTEasy classic (io.quarkus:quarkus-resteasy) instead of RESTEasy reactive ? Or should we use REASTEasy reactive and annotate a subclass of javax.ws.rs.core.Application with @NonBlocking so that everything is performed by the thread vert.x-eventloop-thread.
@NonBlocking
public class App extends javax.ws.rs.core.Application {
}

Or I should not ask myself sp many questions and Quarkus will magically optimize itself if it runs in a Lambda context ?
Thank you for your help

        