
# Sending commands to Raspberry Pi 4 using C++ [closed]







Closed. This question needs to be more focused. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










Want to improve this question? Update the question so it focuses on one problem only by editing this post.


Closed 13 mins ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



I'm an active mechatronics engineering student, and I had this crazy idea of a project, where I'd try to controll a led strip using a windows desktop application. So far I have set up the led strip with a RasPI and I also have made a python code which has all the features that I'd like to have. It works as I imagined it would, but I wanna go deeper. I want to make an application to my pc, using cli and windows forms, so I wouldn't have to SSH into my PI every time I want to adjust led color. What I want is to open up the app, and make changes to the leds. My question is the following: what would be the most optimal way of solving this issue? Should I use wireless or wired connection? How do I send information using C++ and how do I receive the sent info on the PI's end? Any useful reading regarding similar issues, or useful topics? So far I got pretty unlucky searching the web for answers.
I haven't really tried anything, I made the python code, and I know my ways around making a windows forms app. I'm looking for opinions and possibly for someone who's done something similar

        