
# SDL_Window does not display after build/compilation, Ubuntu 20.04

Currently using SDL2, and attempting to output a basic SDL Window (Ubuntu 20.04) with the C programming language. Program runs, window does not display.
Would like to preface that I've gotten the SDL_Window to show up once before, but (possibly unrelated) after the successful integration of SDL2_gfx, there seems to be issues with the window displaying.
I've run the code both on the Eclipse IDE and in the main linux command line, same error persists, with both a clean build, and a successful compilation, but the window does not show on the screen.
See code below.
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <SDL2/SDL.h>

int main(int argc, char **argv) {

      SDL_Window *window;

      if(SDL_Init(SDL_INIT_VIDEO) < 0){
            printf("SDL could not initialize! SDL Error: %s\n", SDL_GetError());
            return 1;
            }

      window = SDL_CreateWindow("SDL Example", SDL_WINDOWPOS_CENTERED, SDL_WINDOWPOS_CENTERED, 800, 600, SDL_WINDOW_ALLOW_HIGHDPI);

      if(window == NULL){
            printf("SDL window failed to initialize: %s\n", SDL_GetError());
            return 1;
      }

      SDL_Event e;
      int quit = 0;
      while(quit == 0){
            while(SDL_PollEvent(&e)){
                  if(e.type == SDL_QUIT){
                        quit = 1;
                  }
                  if(e.type == SDL_KEYDOWN){
                        quit = 1;
                  }
                  if(e.type == SDL_MOUSEBUTTONDOWN){
                        quit = 1;
                  }
            }
       }

       SDL_DestroyWindow(window);

       SDL_Quit();

return EXIT_SUCCESS;
}

Few points/disclaimers: This question has been asked by MacOS users, some suggestions include putting in
if(SDL_Init(SDL_INIT_EVERYTHING) < 0)...
vs
if(SDL_Init(SDL_INIT_VIDEO) < 0)....
This has been attempted but I do not have audio support configured for SDL
Also....
SDL_WINDOW_ALLOW_HIGHDPI
Has been changed to various flags, and this has been unsuccessful.
Any advice/suggestions/solutions very much appreciated.

        