
# Pushbutton timer using QTimer and QThread

I am trying to add a timer thread to my GUI using PyQt6 and QTdesigner. I couldn't seem to get it to work using QTimer so I have transitioned to creating my own function with a counter logic. The timer is just meant to start counting when the push button is clicked.
self.count = 0
    self.Start_timer = self.findChild(QPushButton, "Start")
    self.Start_timer.clicked.connect(self.showtimerthread)

def showtimerthread(self):
        showtime = Thread(target=self.showTime)
        showtime.start()
def showTime(self):
        while True:
            time.sleep(0.1)
            self.count = self.count + 1
            text = str(self.count / 10)
            self.Start_timer.setText(text)`

Is there any way I can implement some sort of delay so it counts as a timer? Should I be using QTimer in QThread ?
I am pretty new to pyqt and GUI coding and was struggling utilizing qthread.
Using Qtimer and Qthread I based my code off what I've seen online as I'm not really sure how the threading works but this is what I've tried.
class DataCaptureThread(QThread):
    def collectProcessData(self):
        self.Start_timer = self.findChild(QPushButton, "Start")
        self.Start_timer.clicked.connect(self.__init__)

    def __init__(self, *args, **kwargs):
        QThread.__init__(self, *args, **kwargs)
        self.dataCollectionTimer = QTimer()
        self.dataCollectionTimer.moveToThread(self)
        self.dataCollectionTimer.timeout.connect(self.collectProcessData)

    def run(self):
        self.dataCollectionTimer.start(1000)
        loop = QEventLoop()
        loop.exec_()

I've also tried putting the collectProcessData definition in Main, but nothing happens when I press the push button. The current timer using regular threading seems to work but freezes sometimes as I have other functions using widgets in my code.It also doesn't convert to minutes when it reaches 60 seconds which is something I'd like it to do (or just read in minutes the whole time). I've tried QThread without making a class for it but the functionality doesn't seem to be the same as normal threading.

        