
# Conditional routing with React Router v6 and Redux

I am following a React course which is guiding me to use Redux store and React Router to access some routes. I want to do something a little different from what I have but I am not sure how to proceed. Let's see if I can properly explain everything.
I have a first router called <AppRouter /> which checks if the user is authenticated and according to it, it will throw the user to some other routes files:
export const AppRouter = () => {

  const status = useCheckAuth();

  if (status === 'cheking' ) {
    return <CheckingAuth />
  }

  return (
    <Routes>

      {
        ( status === 'authenticated' )
        ? <Route path="/*" element={ <InternalRoutes /> } />
        : <Route path="/auth/*" element={ <AuthRoutes /> } />
      }

      <Route path='/*' element={ <Navigate to='/auth/login' /> } />

    </Routes>
  )
}

There is a "useCheckAuth" function where status is obtained which is:
export const useCheckAuth = () => {
    
    const { status } = useSelector ( state => state.auth );
    const dispatch = useDispatch();
  
    useEffect(() => {
      
      onAuthStateChanged( FirebaseAuth, async( user ) =>{
        if (!user) return dispatch( logout() );
        const { uid, email, displayName, photoURL } = user;
        dispatch( login({ uid, email, displayName, photoURL  }) );
        dispatch ( startLoadingProfile() );

      })
    
    }, []);

    return status;
  }

After the dispatch of startLoadingProfile, I have in my store one value called "firstVisit" which is going to be the condition to go one route or another.
Then I have the <InternalRoutes /> which is the router if the user is authenticated.
export const InternalRoutes = () => {

  return (
    <Routes>

        <Route path="/" element={ <HomePage /> } />
        <Route path="/about" element={ <AboutPage />  } />
        <Route path="/myprofile" element={ <MyProfilePage /> } />

        <Route path="/*" element={ <Navigate to="/" /> } />
    </Routes>
  )
}

All of this work just fine. But I want to add an aditional step. I want the user that creates an account, once this has been done for the first time, to access a page with a form that, when submitted, will create a document in the database with some additional info about the user. Let's call that page <InitialFormPage />.
When the document is created, a field will be stored named "firstVisit" in the profile which will indicate if the user has already filled the form, so the next time that is visited, it won't go through it.
So basically it would be:

If the user is not authenticated: authRoutes (Login & Logout)
If the user is authenticated but is the first visit: <InitialFormPage />
If the user is authenticated and the firstVisit value is present: InternalRoutes.

I hope I have explained it just fine. Thanks in advance.

        