
# Algorithm for mid-season sorting of soccer teams to ensure competitive matchups?

I'm working on a Google Apps Script for automating the promotion and relegation of teams in my child's soccer league and could use some advice. The way this league works is teams are placed into divisions at the beginning of the season based on some limited information. They play up to 5 games and then the results are analyzed to rebalance the divisions to ensure as close to fair competition as possible. It would be desirable if all teams ended with 5 wins and 5 losses at the end of the season - though this is pretty difficult to achieve due to the limited information when creating the division tables.
The rebalancing is a time consuming process of getting the data cleaned up and useful (I've already added some synthetic stats and tables to better inform the decision making process)- and the decision making process is subject to humans making smart decisions.
I've processed the standings and match data to create the following output, which I've already looped over to generate initial recommendations for promotion and relegation which you can view here: output.
The initial recommendations are based on total points earned / total points possible
for a given team according to the following rules:
|      percentPTS         | Promotion/Relegation (# of divisions) |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
|                   100%  |    +2                                 |
|        >= 70% && <100%  |    +1                                 |
|          > 30% && <70%  |    +0                                 | 
|          > 0% && <=30%  |    -1                                 |
|                     0%  |    -2                                 |

Thus, teams that have a 5-0 record go up 2, teams that are 2-3 or 3-2 generally remain, and worse than that will drop.
I then loop over the initial recommendations to remove logical errors, such as a team in the top division where it's recommended they are promoted (as there's nowhere for them to go) or a bottom team to be demoted.
Just processing the raw exported data and generating recommendations has saved a significant amount of the labor. Largely out of intellectual curiosity, I want to push it a step further.
The tricky part is two additional criteria desired 1) minimize the number of odd teams in a division (this creates bye weeks) 2) If a team had a bye in the first half of the season, ensure they do not have one (i.e., are not in an odd division again in the 2nd half of the season.
Any thoughts on how you'd turn this over to a script to further goal seek? How would you make decisions when you have an unsavory choice between having to relegate a higher division team with a middling record in say, Division A vs promote a team with a middling record in Division C to ensure an even number of teams in a division? Is there an algorithm or weighting/sorting approach that stands out as something obvious to consider?

        