
# How to write “Workflow” smart contracts?

I want to write a "workflow" smart contract. What I mean by this is a smart contract that has a number of steps to be completed and can query the status at any time. My thought is to have something like a factory contract that creates another smart contract or token which has a status and steps in the process.
Example (simplest thing I can think of):
A sandwich "store" (the factory contract) makes sandwiches. The store takes an "Order" to create a sandwich and manages it through the steps it takes for the sandwich to be complete. This Order has steps or statues it need to go through such as "Accepted", "Bread", "Toppings",  and "Complete".
For this example I was thinking of using a Store contract and an Order contract. Wrote some example code in remix and copied here to illustrate.
Code I have been working on using this example:
// SPDX-License-Identifier: UNLICENSED
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

// Status Enum, querying the status of an order
enum OrderStatus {
    Pending,
    Accepted,
    Bread,
    Toppings,
    Complete,
    Cancelled
}

// Keeping track of steps completed  
struct OrderWorkflow {
    bool BreadComplete;
    bool ToppingsComplete;
}

// Smart Contract that would represent something that needs to go through steps
// Has an overall status and a struct that represents what has been completed
// Using strings for simplicity of example for Bread and Toppings
contract Order {
      OrderStatus status = OrderStatus.Pending;
      OrderWorkflow workflow = OrderWorkflow(false, false);
      string bread; 
      string toppings;

     
     constructor(string memory _bread, string memory _toppings) {
         bread = _bread;
         toppings = _toppings;
         status = OrderStatus.Accepted;
     }
    
     function addBread() public {
         status = OrderStatus.Bread;
         workflow.BreadComplete  = true;
     }

     function addToppings() public {
         status = OrderStatus.Toppings;
         workflow.ToppingsComplete  = true;
     }

     function complete() public {
         require(workflow.BreadComplete, "Bread is not added!");
         require(workflow.ToppingsComplete, "Toppings are not added!");
         status = OrderStatus.Complete;
     }
}

contract Store {
    address[] internal orders;
    mapping(address => uint) orderIndex; // Keep track of where it is in the list so I can reference the order later, just a habbit

    function createOrder(string memory bread, string memory toppings) public {
        Order _order = new Order(bread, toppings);
        orders.push(address(_order));
        orderIndex[address(_order)] = orders.length;
    }

    // Additional functions...
}

​
My questions:

Is this an effective way to create a "workflow" within an Ethereum Smart Contract? Should Orders be a "token" vs another smart contract?
If "Store" is the manager of all orders, is it effective to keep all the orders in the list once complete if I want a history of them? Should there be separate lists / a complex struct to quickly identify which "Orders" are complete?
If this code works, what is the best way in "Store" to query for completed orders over a period of time?

Any assistance would be great!

        