
# How to get references in a custom join table?

So I needed a custom join table with extra column. Now the problem is I don't know how to get the objects that have a relationship with my entity out of the database.
@Data           
@Entity
public class Item {

    @Id
    private String itemId = UUID.randomUUID().toString();

    private String name;
    private BigDecimal costAmount;

    @JsonIgnore //Works but I actually want a List of Roles
    @OneToMany(mappedBy = "role")
    private List<Item_Role> roles;
}

@Data
@Embeddable
@Entity
public class Item_Role {

    @Id
    private String item_role_id = UUID.randomUUID().toString();

    @ManyToOne
    @JoinColumn(name = "role_id")
    private Role role;

    @ManyToOne
    @JoinColumn(name = "item_id")
    private Item item;

    private int priority; //custom field that I needed
}

@Data
@Entity
public class Role {
    @Id
    @GeneratedValue(strategy = GenerationType.IDENTITY)
    private Long roleId;

    private String name;

    @OneToMany(mappedBy = "role")
    private List<Item_Role> items;
}

Now the problem is when I called Item without the JsonIgnore it would give me DefaultHandlerExceptionResolver : Resolved [org.springframework.http.converter.HttpMessageNotWritableException: Could not write JSON: could not extract ResultSet; nested exception is com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.JsonMappingException: could not extract ResultSet (through reference chain: java.util.ArrayList[0]->demo.model.Item["roles"])].
My next option was to do it manually and get all three lists for Item Item_Role and Role. But the problem with that is when I try to get Item_Role I get a stackoverflow error null.

Is the "way of 3 lists"-problem fixable with JsonManaged- and Backreference?

EDIT answer 1: yes it did fix the problem.

Is there a way for me to not have to get 3 lists manually and do all the work myself?

EDIT answer 2: after looking at the data I got from Item_Role I realized that's the actual data that I need. I guess rubber ducky helps.

        