
# How to set div to the same height as an inline-block list even if window resizes?

I have a list displayed as inline-block that changes layout when the window is resized smaller, and I have the list inside of an outer section. However, when the list layout changes height, the div does not, and the content in the section below the list suddenly overlaps the list above.
tldr; How can I set the height of an outer div to the same height as the inline-block list?
My code is essentially as follows:
HTML
<section>
   <ul>
      <li><div class="imageHere"></div></li>
      <li><div class="imageHere"></div></li>
      <li><div class="imageHere"></div></li>
      <li><div class="imageHere"></div></li>
   </ul>
</section>
<section>
   <p>When the above list is 1row x 4col, this text is placed perfectly. But when the above list is 2row x 2col,
   this text will overlap the above list.</p>
</section>

CSS
section {
   min-height:100vh; // No matter what, the minimum height should be the height of the window
}

ul {
   list-style-type: none;
   margin: 0;
   padding: 0;
   width: 100%;
   height: 25vw;
}

li {
   display: inline-block;
   vertical-align: top;
   margin: 15px;
}

.imageHere {
   width: 10vw;
   height: 25vw;
}

What I have tried:

Not that I know exactly what it does, but I tried using "height: auto;" for the section, but it did nothing.
Changing the height of the section manually does change the height of the section.
I'm honestly not sure how to go about this without using @media screen, and I REALLY don't want to have to resort to manually adjusting the height of the section each time.

Hopefully there is a solution to this. Thank you so much in advance!

        