
# Filter through an array of objects and return the ones that meet all of the given conditions

So, I have this array of objects called "characters" (currently only 3 objects, but it's supposed to be much more) and I want to filter through this array with a function (or an array method) and for example: return every character's name, who is character.bodyType: "tall" or has character.element: "fire" AND is also character.weapon: "sword" user, based on how many parameter values I pass to the function.
I wrote a function "isThere" that takes 4 params max but I want to be able to call it with any number of values less than four and get the names based on only those parameter values. Let's say I want to display only the names of characters who are both tall and male. The result should be ['Igneus'] but instead I get [ 'Renna', 'Igneus', 'Igneus', 'Dagon' ] and I couldn't figure out the logic for it to only filter the ones that met both requirements and skipped duplicates and those that met only one of them.
If I want to see the names of "sword" characters only, the result should be ["Renna" , "Igneus]... and so on and so forth.
My code is clearly unfinished and wrong, I tried several different approaches with if statements, this is just where I stopped. If it is possible to do with an array method, that's short and clean, I'll take it. I tried Array.filter() method but I just didn't know how to implement a 4 parameter function in it, or if it'spossible at all.
const characters = [
  {
    bodyType: "tall",
    element: "air",
    gender: "female",
    name: "Renna",
    weapon: "sword",
  },
  {
    bodyType: "tall",
    element: "fire",
    gender: "male",
    name: "Igneus",
    weapon: "sword",
  },
  {
    bodyType: "medium",
    element: "water",
    gender: "male",
    name: "Dagon",
    weapon: "spear",
  },
];


  function isThere(body, element, gender, weapon) {
    const arr = [];
    for (const char of characters) {
        if (char.bodyType === body) {
          arr.push(char.name)
        }
        if(char.element === element){
          arr.push(char.name)
        }
        if(char.gender === gender){
          arr.push(char.name)
        }
        if(char.weapon === weapon){
          arr.push(char.name)
        }
    }
    return arr;
  }


isThere("tall", undefined, "male", undefined)


        