
# How is my program documentation? Anything I should change or do better? (JAVA) [closed]







Closed. This question is opinion-based. It is not currently accepting answers.
                        
                    










Want to improve this question? Update the question so it can be answered with facts and citations by editing this post.


Closed 4 hours ago.







                        Improve this question
                    



First time doing program documentation, how is it? Any thing that was done good or poorly? What can I work on to make it better if need be?
Thanks in advance!
/** primary class for MultiplicationTable */
public class MultiplicationTable {

    /** This method is used to execute the program */
    public static void main(String[] args) {

        /** variables to store our row(rowNum) and column(colNum) numbers */
        int rowNum, colNum;
    
        /** intializing variables with their respected values, in this case its 12 */
        rowNum = 12;
        colNum = 12;

        /** displays the top left blank space, so we don't have to have a '0' there */
        System.out.print("     |");

        /** the loop will go 12 times, horizontal and then end once at 12 the top row */
        for( rowNum = 1; rowNum <= 12; rowNum++) {

            /** displays our numbers on the top row (going horizontal) with format(spacing) in between each number */
            System.out.printf("%4d |", rowNum);
        
        } /** end of first for loop */

        /** carriage return so theres a line between row 1 and row 2 so it is seperated equally throughout the program */
        System.out.print("\n");
        
        /** the loop will go for 12 times, vertical and then end once at 12 on the leftmost column */
        for( rowNum = 1; rowNum <= 12; rowNum++) {

            /** displays out numbers on the leftmost column, (going vertical) with format(spacing) in between each number */
            System.out.println();
            System.out.printf("%4d |", rowNum);

            /**  the loop will go for 12 times, horizontal and then ending once at 12 for each row*/
            for( colNum = 1; colNum <= 12; colNum++) {

                /** displays our calculations of colNum*rowNum and with format(spacing) */
                System.out.printf("%4d |", colNum*rowNum);
            
            } /** ends the third for loop, (inside the second for loop) */

            /** carriage return after the rightmost column, allowing us to go to the next row */
            System.out.println();

        } /** ends the second for loop*/
    
    } /** end of public static void main(String[] args) */

} /** end of public class TempChart */

Just want to know if I can change anything!

        