
# custom legend hide() does not remove data labels

I am building a project using React with a doughnut and bar chart. Working with Chart.js 3.xx.
I am trying to make my custom legend functional. I want to make data fractions disappear when the user clicks my legend items - like in the native legend, and optimally also remove the data and make the chart present it's updated data after removal.
I also use data labels to present percentage of the data on the fractions.
import ChartDataLabels from 'chartjs-plugin-datalabels';

I came across this topic: ChartJS - Show/hide data individually instead of entire dataset on bar/line charts
and used this suggested code there:
function chartOnClick(evt) {
    let chart = evt.chart
    const points = chart.getElementsAtEventForMode(evt, 'nearest', {}, true);
    
    if (points.length) {
        const firstPoint = points[0];
        //var label = myChart.data.labels[firstPoint.index];
        //var value = myChart.data.datasets[firstPoint.datasetIndex].data[firstPoint.index];
        let datasetIndex = firstPoint.datasetIndex, index = firstPoint.index;
        
        if (firstPoint.element.hidden != true) {
            chart.hide(datasetIndex, index);
        } else {
            chart.show(datasetIndex, index);
        }
    }
}

options: { // chart options
    onClick: chartOnClick
}

It almost works, but the hide() method doesn't remove the fraction's percentage data label when activated, whereas when clicking the native legend it does remove it entirely.

I tried looking in the plugin's docs but didn't manage to find how to remove a single label.
How can I achieve what I am looking for?

        