
# How should I code rolling RF remote at the receiver side?

I ordered a 444MHZ remote and receiver with some buttons on it. The remote has rolling code but when I tested I saw that every button has 8 fixed different possibility and repeat it self.
    Button1: (Decimal results)
    
1- 3899572514 / 32bit PulseLength: 251 microseconds Protocol: 1
2- 3899580674 / 32bit PulseLength: 251 microseconds Protocol: 1
3- 3899523362 / 32bit PulseLength: 251 microseconds Protocol: 1
4- 3899531522 / 32bit PulseLength: 251 microseconds Protocol: 1
5- 3899539746 / 32bit PulseLength: 251 microseconds Protocol: 1
6- 3899547906 / 32bit PulseLength: 251 microseconds Protocol: 1
7- 3899556130 / 32bit PulseLength: 251 microseconds Protocol: 1
8- 3899564290 / 32bit PulseLength: 251 microseconds Protocol: 1

So, I'm tyring to figure out what is the best method for developing the receiver code.
I tought different ideas but I did not like them at all so I want to take your opinions.
My ideas are:
1- I will record all of these possibilities and use them like "if any one of these" method but this is not secure and I don't want to that.
2- I will record all of these possibilities and expecting other then previous lenght. This is also not suitable because it is not secure either. There are 7 different possibilities and if I have multiple device in a room, remotes goes mixed with this method.
3- If I'm gonna put them order and expect only for the next possibility it could work and it will reduce to mixing with other same device. Thats nice but I can not put them in order because when the device misses a push then it will not work at all. Also there are no ways to know the current lenght when the device rebooted.
P.S: Security is not too much needed. It is gonna a home light system but I want to code the receiver to reach (close as) paired devices for in a case having multiple devices in the room.
Any idea or example will be awesome!

        