
# How to properly send forwarded headers to EB instances through a shared ALB

I have a shared application load balancer for a few elastic beanstalk apps. I need this because some apps are at the same domain but different path. I'm trying to add a new dotnet app into the mix. If I deploy an EB environment with Nginx as the proxy, it sorta works but I don't get the proper X-Forwarded-Proto. My app always says it is http, but the original requests to my ALB are https. My understanding is the request journey looks like:
[client] ==https:443==> [ALB] ==http:80==> [nginx] ==http:5000==> [app]
                                           |        EB instance       |

So I'm thinking, I either need to get nginx configured properly to forward the right proto, or just remove it because ALB can just forward to the app directly, right? I figure removing it makes the most sense because ALB can handle things:
I set proxy to none and I ensured a target group was made to point to the instance on port 5000. Now I get 502 bad gateway. My app is definitely running on port 5000 as it logs it in the logs on startup. So, question 1: does an eb instance always require a reverse proxy directly in front of it?
If it does require a proxy, then I should configure it I guess. How do I do this? I created an endpoint to show me the headers the app gets. They include the following
                  My IP        ALB?
X-Forwarded-For: 1.2.3.4, 172.31.11.167
X-Forwarded-Proto: http
X-Forwarded-Port: 443


        