
# Problem connecting WSL2 to PostgreSQL database on Windows 11

Hello – looking for help please to connect WSL2 to the Windows 11 hosted PostgreSQL database on the same computer. Ultimately I am looking to connect through an R Studio session; I have done this process before on a different machine, and know that it is possible.

Windows 11 Home with PostgreSQL 15

WSL2 with Ubuntu 20.04


I have followed the steps laid out at the top answer at
How to connect to windows postgres Database from WSL.
I am aware the IP addresses are not static. Ideally, I am looking for a solution that accommodates this, though I’d also be happy (in the short term) to edit a new IP on each session.
To summarize and confirm the steps taken…
Add Windows Firewall Inbound Port Rule for WSL2 IP Addresses:

Added a new rule and passed IP ranges as suggested (172.0.0.1 to 172.254.254.254 and 192.0.0.1 to 192.254.254.254)
Confirmed that the rule is enabled

Configure Postgres to Accept Connections from WSL2 IP Addresses

Confirmed that “listen_addresses = '*'” is set in postgresql.conf
Updated pg_hba.conf with…

host    all             all             127.0.0.1/32           scram-sha-256
host    all             all             172.0.0.0/8             scram-sha-256
host    all             all             192.0.0.0/8             scram-sha-256

Stopped and started postgres (cmd with Administrator privileges)

net stop postgresql-x64-15
net start postgresql-x64-15

I located the .bashrc at ‘\wsl.localhost\Ubuntu-20.04\home\nexus’ and appended the following code (also reloaded with ‘source home/nexus/.bashrc’)

#Add DNS entry for Windows host
if ! $(cat /etc/hosts | grep -q 'winhost'); then
echo 'Adding DNS entry for Windows host in /etc/hosts'
echo '\n# Windows host - added via ~/.bashhrc' | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
echo -e "$(grep nameserver /etc/resolv.conf | awk '{print $2, "
winhost"}')" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
fi

I then run ‘psql -h winhost -p 5432 -U postgres’ at the wsl command line. After passing the password, it returns this error…

psql: error: could not connect to server: Connection timed out
Is the server running on host "winhost" (172.28.64.1) and accepting
TCP/IP connections on port 5432?

Following the prompt in the ‘Notes’.. I looked for the vEthernet connections via Control Panel\Network and Internet\Network Connections. There is no explicit vEthernet connection showing however.



Googling ‘vethernet connections in windows 11 home’ returns some hits where ‘Hyperv’ is referenced… so I followed the comment below the answer suggesting that I had to enable hypervisor, via the method suggested, here: beebom.com/how-enable-hyper-v-windows-11-home.
I saved the code below to a notepad (‘HyperV.bat’) and ran as an administrator.
Confirmed that ‘Hyper-V’ is installed through windwos/start
I did not proceed with the rest of the steps as I opined that they were beyond my immediate requirements. For the avoidance of doubt… I did not ‘Create a Virtual Machine with Hyper-V in Windows 11 Home’ or anything beyond that step.
Stopped and started postgres again
I then run ‘psql -h winhost -p 5432 -U postgres’ again at WSL command line. It returns the same psql: error as above.

Any suggestions please?

        