
# Can I use the result set of an SQL statement stored in a field within another statement? (PostgreSQL)

I have an sql statement stored in a PostgreSQL 9.4 database. Can I use the stored statement, select it within another statement and use the result set as a table?
For example: In the table "pc_preset" there are multiple records with SQL statements stored in the field "sql_rule". I can query them:
SELECT
   sql_rule
FROM
   mc_preset
WHERE
   id_preset = 1

This gives me the stored statement as a STRING, for example:
SELECT
   user_id,
   firstname,
   lastname,
   birthdate,
   birthplace_id
FROM
   user
WHERE
   gender_id = 1

Now I want to create another statement and use the result set of the stored statement as alias table and join it with other tables.
SELECT *
FROM
   RESULT_SET_OF_SQL_RULE AS "table1"
   LEFT JOIN table2 ON table2.birthplace_id = table1.birthplace_id

In another example I want the result set to be used in a subselect.
SELECT *
FROM
   table2
WHERE
   birthplace_id IN (SELECT birthplace_id
                     FROM RESULT_SET_OF_SQL_RULE
                     WHERE birthdate < '2000-01-01'
                    )

I do not want to work with DB views as the stored statement can be modified by (admin-)users in an application and needs to be stored in a DB table therefore.
On the basis of How can I use an SQL statement stored in a table as part of another statement? I created a PostgreSQL function but I am not able to modify it to my needs.
CREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION exec_mc_preset_sql_rule_get_result_set(preset_id integer)
 RETURNS ??
 LANGUAGE plpgsql
AS $function$
declare
    result_set integer;
    stmt character varying;
begin
    SELECT sql_rule into stmt
    FROM mc_preset
    WHERE id_preset = preset_id;
    
    execute immediate stmt
    ??  into result_set;
    
    return result_set;
end
$function$
;

If it is not possible to give the complete result set but an array of the values of one column only, it would be great to specifiy the field that I want to get back in a second parameter.

How do I have to write the function
How do I use the function within my statements?

Thank you very much.

        