
# Webhook outlook email using Sendgrid and Flask and Python script for extracting attachment from email on ngrok

I am working on a project requiring me to webhook an email address, parse its content and attachment, unzip the file and load it into Google Cloud Storage. So far I've successfully managed to setup Sendgrid to webhook the email. I've also managed to use flask and ngrok to display result on ngrok dashboard. I'm able to access content like the subject, to, from, scam report etc but I'm unable to parse the email and find the attachment. Here is my code so far:
app = Flask(__name__)

@app.route('/', methods=['GE','POST'])

def hello_sendgrid():

       envelope = simplejson.loads(request.form.get("envelope"))
       to_address = envelope['to'][0]
       from_address = envelope['from']
       num_attachments = int(request.form.get('attachment',0))
       attachments = []
       if num_attachments > 0:
          for num in range(1,(num_attachments+1)):
             attachment = request.files.get(('attachment%d'%num))
             attachments.append(attachment.read())

But this code returns none if I return attachment. Its unable to read the file.
Some info:
email used: outlook
response is in html
content-type: multipart/mixed
Mime_Version: 1.0
for the attachment section of html body:
Content-Type: Text/plain
content-transfer-encoding: base64
Not if any of this information would be useful in getting a suitable response. I've tried searching on google quite a bit, but even the examples on sendgrid website(which the above code is), isn't reading the file in this email.
Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in Advance.

        