
# rStudio Coding help for Master's Class

This Class only uses rStudio. 
For these questions we will only need the ISLR package so please show coding. 
Thank you



Caravan 

The data is in the file “Caravan” from the ISLR package.  



The following description is from the R documentation for this data set.  



“The data contains 5822 real customer records. Each record consists of 86 variables, containing sociodemographic data (variables 1-43) and product ownership (variables 44-86). The sociodemographic data is derived from zip codes. All customers living in areas with the same zip code have the same sociodemographic attributes. 



Variable 86 (Purchase) indicates whether the customer purchased a caravan insurance policy. Further information on the individual variables can be obtained at http://www.liacs.nl/~putten/library/cc2000/data.htmlLinks to an external site."

Download the data frame and load it into this session. 



Purchase is the response variable and is coded as “Yes” for customers that purchased a Caravan policy and “No” for those that didn’t.  



Randomly partition the data, using 70% of it to create a training set and the remaining 30% as a test set. Use the random number seed and the code to call the createDataPartition function that is provided.







Questions:



## Question 8

##### Compute the proportion of cases in the training set where a purchase was made.  Report the proportion to 3 decimal places.



```{r}
library(ISLR)
data(Caravan)

set.seed(8001) # don't change this (or your answers in Canvas will be wrong!)
train_index = createDataPartition(Caravan$Purchase, times=1, p=0.7, list=FALSE)

Use the training data to fit a logistic regression model using Purchase as the response variable and use only the sociodemographic variables (in columns 2-43) as the predictor variables.  Do not do any preprocessing and leave them as numeric.  Then find the predicted probabilities using the test set.
Use the predicted probabilities to obtain predicted classifications using a default cutoff threshold of 0.5, create a confusion matrix (with positive="Yes"), and find the accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity.  Use them to answer the following questions.
Question 9
State the accuracy of the of this model on the test set.  Round your answer to 4 decimal places.

Question 10
State the no information rate (which is the prevalence of the minority class "No").  Round your answer to 4 decimal places.

Question 11
State the sensitivity. Round your answer to 4 decimal places.

Question 12
State the specificity.  Round your answer to 4 decimal places.

Question 13
State the value of the largest predicted probability.  Round your answer to 4 decimal places.

You can experiment with some different cutoff thresholds, but you will find that nothing will improve the accuracy much above the no information rate, if at all.  Consider how the AUC, or area under the curve for an ROC curve is a measure of accuracy that balances sensitivity and specificity for all possible cutoff thresholds.
Question 14
Create an ROC curve and report the AUC to 3 decimal places.

Use ROSE to balance the training data set then report the proportion of cases where a purchase was made.  Use the random number seed specified.
Question 15
Compute the proportion of cases in the ROSE-balanced training set where a purchase was made.  Report the proportion to 3 decimal places.
set.seed(8002) # don't change this (or your answers in Canvas will be wrong!)

Use the balanced training data to fit a logistic regression model using Purchase as the response variable and use only the sociodemographic variables (in columns 2-43) as the predictor variables.  Do not do any preprocessing.  Find the predicted probabilities using the test set (which should still be unbalanced).
Use the predicted probabilities to obtain predicted classifications using a default cutoff threshold of 0.5, create a confusion matrix (with positive="Yes"), and find the accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity.  Use them to answer the following questions.
Question 16
State the sensitivity of the model using the balanced training data.  Round your answer to 4 decimal places.

Question 17
State the specificity of the model using the balanced training data.  Round your answer to 4 decimal places.

Question 18
Create an ROC curve for the predictions from the test data when the model is fit using the training data balanced by ROSE and report the AUC to 3 decimal places.


New to the course, Have no idea how any of this works yet. Been trying to figure out how to partition the data to start to no avail.


        