
# WinUI3: Unable to access UIElement defined programmatically inside a event delegate function

I'm creating the UI in WinUI3 with C++ programmatically.
In XAML we can access an UIElement from all event delegate functions by its x:Name property, but when I define everything programmatically in c++ I was not able to set something like that.
I want to make the UIElements defined programmatically accessible from Event delegate functions. I tried it accessing directly(like the below code) but was not able to achieve that.
This is my Mainwindow file
namespace winrt::TestWinUI::implementation
{
struct MainWindow: MainWindowT<MainWindow>
{
    MainWindow();

    int32_t MyProperty();
    void MyProperty(int32_t value);

    void ComboxSelectionChanged(IInspectable const& sender, RoutedEventArgs const& args);

    Window      window;
    StackPanel  line;
    ComboBox combobox1;
    ComboBox combobox2;
}

MainWindow constructor
MainWindow::MainWindow(){
    combobox1.PlaceholderText(L"Select Country");
    combobox1.Items().Append(box_value(L"India"));
    combobox1.SelectionChanged({ this,&MainWindow::ComboxSelectionChanged });

    line.Children().Append(combobox1);

    window.Content(line);
    window.Activate();
}

This is my App file
void App::OnLaunched(Microsoft::UI::Xaml::LaunchActivatedEventArgs const&)
{
make<MainWindow>();
}

Here I was able to access all the UIElements[like combobox1] of MainWindow in MainWindow() constructor and was able to get the screen programmatically.
I have assigned the ComboxSelectionChanged event to combobox1 when item selection is changed.
By this, I was able to get an event when the item selection was changed in combobox1. But when I tried to access combobox2 inside the ComboxSelectionChanged() event delegate function,

I'm getting a runtime error like this

It would be of great help if you could help me with accessing the UIElement from all event delegate functions when UIElements are defined programmatically.

        