
# Frequency converter in C#

So my program should in the end look like this in the console.

You basically just put in a random value of kilohertz (in the example its 50)
And the program converts it into every hertz-"type".
After that the program should convert it into period durations as you should see in the example picture. (Its in german, dw).
I just started coding in C#, its literally the second program im writing. (Task in the CS class).
This is my code so far. The program calculates it already correctly but i want the decimal points the same as it is in the example picture above. How do i do that? I tried google and some other stuff but I dont find something that fits into my task. (I read something about converting it back To.String but it doesnt work).
using System;
using System.Threading.Channels;

namespace Frequenzumwandler
{
    class program
    {

        public static void Main(string[] args)
        {

            //Introduce the program

            Console.WriteLine("\t*************************************************");
            Console.WriteLine("\t*            Berechnung von f und T             *");
            Console.WriteLine("\t*************************************************");

            //variables
            string input;
            double Hz, Mhz, Khz, Ghz, s, ms, us, ns;



            //input


            Console.Write("\n\tGeben Sie die Frequenz in kHz ein: ");
            input = Console.ReadLine();
            Khz = Convert.ToDouble(input);


            Console.Clear();


            //Calculation Hertz

            Hz = Khz * 1000;
            Mhz = Khz / 1000;
            Ghz = Khz / 1000000;

            //Calculation period duration

            s = 0.001 / Khz;
            ms = 1 / Khz;
            us = 1000 / Khz;
            ns = 1000000 / Khz;




            //Output Frequency table

            Console.WriteLine($"\n\tFrequenz in Hz:\t\t\t\t\t{Hz}\tHz");
            Console.WriteLine($"\tFrequenz in Khz:\t\t\t\t{Khz}\tKhz");
            Console.WriteLine($"\tFrequenz in Mhz:\t\t\t\t{Mhz}\tMhz");
            Console.WriteLine($"\tFrequenz in Ghz:\t\t\t\t{Ghz}\tGhz");

            //Output period duration table

            Console.WriteLine($"\n\tPeriodendauer in s:\t\t\t\t{s}\ts");
            Console.WriteLine($"\tPeriodendauer in ms:\t\t\t\t{ms}\tms");
            Console.WriteLine($"\tPeriodendauer in us:\t\t\t\t{us}\tus");
            Console.WriteLine($"\tPeriodendauer in ns:\t\t\t\t{ns}\tns");

            



        }

    }

}

Thanks!
Tried to make the output look like in the example

        