
# Docker compose sharing routed host sub-interface/VLAN

I am looking for guidance on the proper docker compose configuration to share a routed sub-interface on a Debian host with a container.
The target host interface is bond0.507 with IP address 192.168.1.30/24. I'd like to leverage the same sub-interface for use by a docker container, but also want to use an additional IP address of 192.168.1.31/24.
So far I've attempted to use the macvlan and ipvlan drivers, but after bringing the container up, I am unable to reach the container via the .31 address.
If I remove the network config and assume defaults, I am able to reach the container through a different sub-interface via the default route subnet host address.
Is the problem with my config, or is it not possible to share a trunked sub interface between a host routed interface and a container? I'm thinking of this as analogous to a multi-layer switch that trunks vlans, but also has a routed interface in that vlan.
Here is a sample config:
---
version: "2.1"
services:
  sample-container:
    image: sample.io/container
    container_name: sample-container
    networks:
      vlan507:
        ipv4_address: 192.168.1.31
    environment:
      - PUID=998
      - PGID=998
      - TZ=America/Chicago
    volumes:
      - /home/sample:/config
    ports:
      - 8080:8080
    restart: unless-stopped

networks:
  vlan507:
    driver: macvlan
    driver_opts:
      parent: bond0.507
    ipam:
      config:
        - subnet: 192.168.1.0/24
          gateway: 192.168.1.1/24
...


I tried to reach the target https://192.168.1.31:8080 container. I expected to reach a landing page. Instead, no connection was made.
When attempting the same procedure without macvlan or ipvlan, the container landing page loads.

        