
# searching for red colored words in docx file and extracting those words and text between those red colored words

I have a word document with some words in red color. I want my program to read the word document using Python docx and search for the red colored words, and extracts extract those red colored words, but also the text between the red colored text.
The word document will look something like this:
Here is an example of a paragraph with no red colored words. This is another example of a paragraph with no red colored text.
This is another example of a paragraph with no red colored text.
red colored words here:HRD:100 Some text between red colored text. [RED:TEXT:1111]
This is another example of a paragraph with no red colored text.
This is another example of a paragraph with no red colored text.
so basically in this example, I want to extract these parts:
"red colored words here:RED:137"
and this part "Some text between red colored text." and this part "[RED:TEXT:1111]"
And save each part in 3 different lists.
Thank you so much for any help! I really appreciate it.
I know I can use this code to return a list of all contiguous parts of the document which are in red, but I also want to extract the text between the red words, and not just the red colored text.
    import docx
    from docx.shared import RGBColor



def readtxt(filename):
    doc = docx.Document(filename)
    fullText = []
    for para in doc.paragraphs:
        for run in para.runs:
            if run.font.color.rgb == RGBColor(255, 000, 000):
                fullText.append(run.text)
    return fullText

fullText = readtxt('filepath.docx')



        