
# AudioKit v5 - What is the best way to program polyphony?

I am trying to use AudioKit v5 to build a simple synthesizer app that plays a certain frequency whenever a button is pressed.
I would like there to be 28 buttons. However, I do not know if I should use the DunneAudioKit Synth class or create a dictionary of 28 AudioKit DynamicOscillators.
If I use the Synth class, I currently have no way of changing the waveform of the synth. If I use the dictionary of DynamicOscillators, I will have to start 28 oscillators and keep them running throughout the lifetime of the app. Neither scenario seems that great. One option only allows for a certain sound while the other one is energy inefficient.
Is there a better way to allow for polyphony using AudioKit? A way that is efficient and also able to produce many different kinds of sound? AudioKit SynthOne is a great example of what I am trying to achieve.
I downloaded "AudioKit Synth One - The Ultimate Guide" by Francis Preve and from that I learned that SynthOne uses 2 Oscillators, a Sub-Oscillator, an FM Pair, and a Noise Generator to produce its sounds. However, the eBook does not explain how to actually code a polyphonic synthesizer using these 5 generators. I know that SynthOne's source code is online. I have downloaded it, but it is a little too advanced for me to understand. However, if someone can help explain how to use just those 5 objects to create a polyphonic synthesizer, that would be incredible.
Thanks in advance.

        