
# Is it ok to use getSession inside getServerSideProps to redirect an already logged in users if they try to access a custom login page?

Please find below the code of my (very simple, for demonstration purposes) custom login page. I am using getSession inside getServerSideProps to determine wheter there is already a session with a user. If that is the case, I redirect to the "root page". If not, I "hydrate" my page with the currently available "providers" as "props".
Is my approach valid? Or is there anything "more best-practice" I could do? And, specifically, is it ok to use getSession inside getServerSideProps in this way?
import { getProviders, getSession, signIn } from 'next-auth/react';
import type { BuiltInProviderType } from 'next-auth/providers';
import type { ClientSafeProvider, LiteralUnion } from 'next-auth/react';
import type { GetServerSideProps, GetServerSidePropsContext } from 'next';
import { Session } from 'next-auth';

interface Properties {
  providers: Record<
    LiteralUnion<BuiltInProviderType, string>,
    ClientSafeProvider
  > | null;
}

export default function SignIn({ providers }: Properties) {
  return (
    <>
      {providers &&
        Object.values(providers).map((provider) => (
          <div key={provider.name}>
            <button
              onClick={() => signIn(provider.id, { callbackUrl: '/test' })}
            >
              Sign in with {provider.name}
            </button>
          </div>
        ))}
    </>
  );
}

export const getServerSideProps: GetServerSideProps = async (
  context: GetServerSidePropsContext
) => {
  const session: Session | null = await getSession({ req: context.req });

  if (session && session.user) {
    console.log(
      'Since there is already an active session with a user you will be redirected!'
    );
    return {
      redirect: {
        destination: '/',
        permanent: false,
      },
    };
  }

  return { props: { providers: await getProviders() } };
};


        