
# Preserve table data during test data 'refresh'

We have a Postgres database in a test system which we want to 'refresh' with the data from the production system. However, there are some tables with test configuration data that I want to preserve in the test database. Note that the tables I want to preserve are referred to with foreign key constraints in other tables that are not preserved.
To refresh the test database, we usually rename it to '..._old' and then re-create the database from a dump of the production data.
Now there's a few ways to try to preserve the test configuration data, but I'm wondering if anyone has any brilliant ideas that are better/faster. Hoping that we can script this somehow to make it easy each time we do this.
A straight pg_dump/pg_restore won't work, because it will only INSERT not UPDATE the matching records. Or am I missing something?
I had thought about doing it by:

Renaming the tables involved with '..._test'
Using pg_dump to dump just those renamed tables to a file
Re-create the 'refreshed' database
Restore the renamed tables from file into the new database
Perform an UPDATE table_a SET (......) = (SELECT * FROM table_a_test) to overwrite refreshed data with preserved test data

Note that the number of records in the production data and the test data may not be the same.
The content of these tables is not huge, so I had also thought about generating UPDATE scripts for all the records within the preserved data.
Can anyone think of a better way to do this?

        