
# What is the solution to this problem 'Element implicitly has an 'any' type because expression of type 'number' can't be used to index type'?

[SOLVED] : Defined months type as Record<number, string> so that it can be indexed with a number: solution from Tobias S.
I'm dealing with Type errors that aren't being solved with the expected type declarations.
This code's purpose is to take a number input representing month, and return its corresponding word.
It was wrote in Javascript (works as intended), and as you can tell from the title, I'm attempting to implement it in a Typescript project.
1: Create date object
 monthCompare(dateStr: any){

  let months = {
    1: 'January',
    2: 'February',
    3: 'March',
    4: 'April',
    5:  'May',
    6: 'June',
    7: 'July',
    8: 'August',
    9: 'September',
    10: 'October',
    11: 'November',
    12: 'December'
 }

2: Cast and sort string into array.
  let stepMonth = dateStr.split('').splice(5,2);
  let wordMonth;
  let concatMonth:any[] = [];

  for(let i in stepMonth){
      if (stepMonth[0] === '0'){
          stepMonth = stepMonth.pop();
          wordMonth = stepMonth;
      }
      else{
          wordMonth = dateStr.split('').splice(5,2).join('');
      }
  }

  concatMonth[0] = wordMonth;
  


Compare months object against the number (string) element in concatMonth array, and return the corresponding month word as a string.

  Object.keys(months).forEach(function(key, val){
  concatMonth[0] === key?  concatMonth[0] = Object.values(months[val+1]) : null}
  )

  concatMonth = concatMonth.reduce(function(a, b){
      return a.concat(b)
  });

  concatMonth = concatMonth.join('')

  return concatMonth

}

The problem is attached to val.
Problem code:
 Object.keys(months).forEach(function(key, val){
  concatMonth[0] === key?  concatMonth[0] = Object.values(months[val+1]) : null}
  )

Thanks
Types that I've tried:
val:number
val:any[number]
val:any[any]


        