
# Unable to use pip and install python libraries

I have installed pycharm, vscode, and python in E: drive and not in the default location, I have tried adding the directory to environment variables (of both python and deeper to scripts one just to be on the safer side) and then restarting and also set the interpreter to be the correct one.
The program runs fine, and the libraries I installed previously also work perfectly but whenever I go to the inbuilt terminal in vscode or pycharm it tells me "pip : The term 'pip' is not recognized as the name of a cmdlet, function, script file, or operable program. Check the spelling of the name, or if a
path was included, verify that the path is correct and try again." whenever i try to access pip services for downloading more libraries or even if i just type pip help.
I have tried changing the directory to the one where :

python is installed
pip (i.e inside the scripts folder in python)
and also to where my python file is
it shows the same error everytime.
Also even after setting the directory to where python is installed and I try to type python3/python in the terminal it tell me python was not found; run without arguments to install from the Microsoft Store, or disable this shortcut from Settings > Manage App Execution Aliases.
Please let me know what directory i should use in the terminal to use pip and download libraries to further be able to use them in projects.
I prefer keeping my pycharm, vscode and python installed in the E drive just because I like to keep things organized it suits best there.

I was trying to install tensorflow or as a matter of fact just type pip help to check if I'm even able to access pip or not and turns out I'm not able to use it at all.

        