
# Nested promises receiving 301 error code and cors for second fetch

I am attempting to create an API where you type in a player's name and you get the player position, team and then stats. The only thing is that while it uses the same public API, Ball Don't Lie, it requires two different fetches. So I am attempting to get the player id from the first promise and then feed it into the second. I get the first info and the id but when I attempt the second fetch I get this: Cross-Origin Request Blocked: The Same Origin Policy disallows reading the remote resource at https://balldontlie.io/api/v1/stats?season[]=2020&player_ids[]=237. (Reason: CORS header ‘Access-Control-Allow-Origin’ missing).
Status code: 301.
Here is my code:
//The user will enter a NBA player, click on the type of stat, team, and receive their stats. Default will be all stats?

document.querySelector('button').addEventListener('click', apiRequest)

function apiRequest() {
    var player = document.querySelector('input').value;
    var season = document.querySelector('input[type="number"]').value;
    var id;
    
    fetch(`https://www.balldontlie.io/api/v1/players/?search=${player}`)
    .then(res => res.json()) //parse response as JSON
    .then(data => {
        object = data;
        id = object.data[0].id;
        
        document.querySelector('h2').innerText = `${data.data[0].first_name} ${data.data[0].last_name}`
        document.querySelector('.team').innerText = data.data[0].team['full_name']
        document.querySelector('.position').innerText = data.data[0].position

        
//nested fetches to send player id from one promise to another promise to get player stats 
    })
    .then (async data => {
        await new Promise(data => {
            return fetch (`https://balldontlie.io/api/v1/stats?season[]=${season}&player_ids[]=${id}`)
            .then(response => response.json())
            .then(data => {
                array[index] = {...e, ...data};
                console.log(data)
            })
        })
    })
    .catch(err => {
        console.log(`error ${err}`)
    })
}

I am using Node.js and Express so I am using CORS package. Below is my server.js.
const express = require('express');
const app = express();
const PORT = 8000;
const cors = require('cors');

app.use(cors());

//Body Parsing
app.use( express.json() );
app.use(express.urlencoded({    
    extended: true})); 
app.use(express.static("public"));

app.get('/', (req, res) => {
    res.sendFile(__dirname + '/index.html');
})

app.listen(PORT, () => {
    console.log(`The server is running on ${PORT}`);
})


        