
# RMAN-06004: Oracle error from recovery catalog database: RMAN-20299: DBMS_RCVMAN package not compatible with the recovery catalog

I found archivelog backup is failing with the below errors.
RMAN> 2> 3> 4> 5>
Starting backup at 01-NOV-22
current log archived
RMAN-00571: ===========================================================
RMAN-00569: =============== ERROR MESSAGE STACK FOLLOWS ===============
RMAN-00571: ===========================================================
RMAN-03002: failure of backup command at 11/01/2022 23:59:35
RMAN-03014: implicit resync of recovery catalog failed
RMAN-06004: Oracle error from recovery catalog database: RMAN-20299: DBMS_RCVMAN package not compatible with the recovery catalog
As per "RMAN-20299: DBMS_RCVMAN package not compatible with the recovery catalog"
I tried to upgrade the catalog in RMAN prompt and I got the below errors.
[oracle@by1212 scripts]$ rman target / catalog /@****
Recovery Manager: Release 19.0.0.0.0 - Production on Wed Nov 2 00:31:48 2022
Version 19.7.0.0.0
Copyright (c) 1982, 2019, Oracle and/or its affiliates.  All rights reserved.
connected to target database: NKERMITT (DBID=112162833)
connected to recovery catalog database
PL/SQL package RMAN12P.DBMS_RCVCAT version 19.03.00.00. in RCVCAT database is not current
PL/SQL package RMAN12P.DBMS_RCVMAN version 19.03.00.00 in RCVCAT database is not current
RMAN> UPGRADE CATALOG;
recovery catalog owner is RMAN12P
enter UPGRADE CATALOG command again to confirm catalog upgrade
RMAN> UPGRADE CATALOG;
error creating upgcat_49
RMAN-00571: ===========================================================
RMAN-00569: =============== ERROR MESSAGE STACK FOLLOWS ===============
RMAN-00571: ===========================================================
RMAN-06004: Oracle error from recovery catalog database: ORA-02299: cannot validate (RMAN12P.AL_U1) - duplicate keys found
Please help me to solve this issue.
Oracle -- 19.0.0.0.0
OS     -- Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server release 7.9 (Maipo)
This is standalone DB.
This is prod DB.
Regards,
Balaji

        